docs/data-sources/aaa_jwt_generator.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaa_jwt_generator Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_aaa_jwt_generator (Data Source)

<p>The JSON Web Token (JWT) Generator specifies the JWT content and the cryptographic methods, such as signing and encryption methods, used for generating a JWT during the AAA postprocessing phase.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_aaa_jwt_generator" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `additional_claims` (Attributes) <p>Additional JWT claims, such as audience "aud" claim, not before "nbf" claim, issued at "iat" claim, JWT ID "jit" claim, "nonce" claim, and custom claim, can be added for JWT.</p><p>The subject, "sub" claim is added by default. You can override the subject claim value by specifying the "sub" claim in the Custom claims field.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `add-claims` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--additional_claims))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `audience` (List of String) The audience, "aud", claim identifies the recipients that the JWT is intended for. The maximum length of the Audience claim is 256 characters.
- `custom_claims` (String) The GatewayScript or XSLT file is processed to specify the custom claim. The GatewayScript or XSLT file must be stored in the <tt>local:</tt> or <tt>store:</tt> directory.
- `duration` (Number) The validity period identifies the expiration time, "exp" claim. Enter a value in the range 1 - 31622400. The default value is 3600.
- `enc_algorithm` (String) Various encryption algorithms can be used to encrypt the JWT, such as A128CBC-HS256, A192CBC-HS384, A256CBC-HS512, A128GCM, A192GCM, and A256GCM. The default value is A128CBC-HS256.
- `encrypt_algorithm` (String) Various key management algorithms can be used to encrypt the JWT, such as RSA1_5, RSA-OAEP, RSA-OAEP-256, A128KW, A192KW, A256KW, and dir. The default value is RSA1_5.
- `encrypt_certificate` (String) The certificate alias can be used to encrypt the JWT. You can get the certificate alias by configuring the Crypto Certificate.
- `encrypt_sskey` (String) The shared secret key alias can be used to encrypt the JWT. You can get the shared secret key alias by configuring the Crypto Shared Secret Key.
- `gen_method` (Attributes) The signing and encryption methods can be used to secure and generate a JWT.
  - CLI Alias: `generate-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--gen_method))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer claim, "iss", identifies the principal that issues the JWT. The maximum length is 256 characters. The default value is <tt>idg</tt> .
- `not_before` (Number) The not before claim, "nbf", indicates the time before which the JWT must not be accepted for processing. Enter a value in the range 0 - 480. The default value is 0.
- `sign_algorithm` (String) Various signing algorithms can be used to generate the JWT signature, such as HS256, HS384, HS512, RS256, RS384, and RS512. The default value is RS256.
- `sign_key` (String) The key alias can be used to sign the JWT. You can get a key alias by configuring the Crypto Key.
- `sign_sskey` (String) The shared secret key alias can be used to sign the JWT. You can get the shared secret key alias by configuring the Crypto Shared Secret Key.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the JWT Generator configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--additional_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.additional_claims`

Read-Only:

- `aud` (Boolean) Audience
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom` (Boolean) Custom
  - Default value: `false`
- `iat` (Boolean) Issued at
  - Default value: `false`
- `jti` (Boolean) JWT ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `nbf` (Boolean) Not before
  - Default value: `false`
- `nonce` (Boolean) Nonce
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--gen_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.gen_method`

Read-Only:

- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypt the JWT
  - Default value: `false`
- `sign` (Boolean) Sign the JWT
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/aaa_jwt_generator.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaa_jwt_generator Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_aaa_jwt_generator (Data Source)

<p>The JSON Web Token (JWT) Generator specifies the JWT content and the cryptographic methods, such as signing and encryption methods, used for generating a JWT during the AAA postprocessing phase.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_aaa_jwt_generator" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_AAAJWTGenerator"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `additional_claims` (Attributes) <p>Additional JWT claims, such as audience "aud" claim, not before "nbf" claim, issued at "iat" claim, JWT ID "jit" claim, "nonce" claim, and custom claim, can be added for JWT.</p><p>The subject, "sub" claim is added by default. You can override the subject claim value by specifying the "sub" claim in the Custom claims field.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `add-claims` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--additional_claims))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `audience` (List of String) The audience, "aud", claim identifies the recipients that the JWT is intended for. The maximum length of the Audience claim is 256 characters.
- `custom_claims` (String) The GatewayScript or XSLT file is processed to specify the custom claim. The GatewayScript or XSLT file must be stored in the <tt>local:</tt> or <tt>store:</tt> directory.
- `duration` (Number) The validity period identifies the expiration time, "exp" claim. Enter a value in the range 1 - 31622400. The default value is 3600.
- `enc_algorithm` (String) Various encryption algorithms can be used to encrypt the JWT, such as A128CBC-HS256, A192CBC-HS384, A256CBC-HS512, A128GCM, A192GCM, and A256GCM. The default value is A128CBC-HS256.
- `encrypt_algorithm` (String) Various key management algorithms can be used to encrypt the JWT, such as RSA1_5, RSA-OAEP, RSA-OAEP-256, A128KW, A192KW, A256KW, and dir. The default value is RSA1_5.
- `encrypt_certificate` (String) The certificate alias can be used to encrypt the JWT. You can get the certificate alias by configuring the Crypto Certificate.
- `encrypt_sskey` (String) The shared secret key alias can be used to encrypt the JWT. You can get the shared secret key alias by configuring the Crypto Shared Secret Key.
- `gen_method` (Attributes) The signing and encryption methods can be used to secure and generate a JWT.
  - CLI Alias: `generate-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--gen_method))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer claim, "iss", identifies the principal that issues the JWT. The maximum length is 256 characters. The default value is <tt>idg</tt> .
- `not_before` (Number) The not before claim, "nbf", indicates the time before which the JWT must not be accepted for processing. Enter a value in the range 0 - 480. The default value is 0.
- `sign_algorithm` (String) Various signing algorithms can be used to generate the JWT signature, such as HS256, HS384, HS512, RS256, RS384, and RS512. The default value is RS256.
- `sign_key` (String) The key alias can be used to sign the JWT. You can get a key alias by configuring the Crypto Key.
- `sign_sskey` (String) The shared secret key alias can be used to sign the JWT. You can get the shared secret key alias by configuring the Crypto Shared Secret Key.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the JWT Generator configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--additional_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.additional_claims`

Read-Only:

- `aud` (Boolean) Audience
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom` (Boolean) Custom
  - Default value: `false`
- `iat` (Boolean) Issued at
  - Default value: `false`
- `jti` (Boolean) JWT ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `nbf` (Boolean) Not before
  - Default value: `false`
- `nonce` (Boolean) Nonce
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--gen_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.gen_method`

Read-Only:

- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypt the JWT
  - Default value: `false`
- `sign` (Boolean) Sign the JWT
  - Default value: `false`
