docs/data-sources/aaajwtgenerator.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaajwtgenerator Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWT Generator
---

# datapower_aaajwtgenerator (Data Source)

JWT Generator

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_aaajwtgenerator" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_aaajwtgenerator.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `additional_claims` (Attributes) Additional claims
  - CLI Alias: `add-claims` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--additional_claims))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `audience` (List of String) Audience claim
- `custom_claims` (String) Custom claims
- `duration` (Number) Validity period
- `enc_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm
- `encrypt_algorithm` (String) Key management algorithm
- `encrypt_certificate` (String) Encryption certificate
- `encrypt_ss_key` (String) Encryption key
- `gen_method` (Attributes) JWT generation method
  - CLI Alias: `generate-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--gen_method))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer
- `not_before` (Number) Delta for not before claim
- `sign_algorithm` (String) Signing algorithm
- `sign_key` (String) Signing key
- `sign_ss_key` (String) Signing shared secret
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--additional_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.additional_claims`

Read-Only:

- `aud` (Boolean) Audience
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom` (Boolean) Custom
  - Default value: `false`
- `iat` (Boolean) Issued at
  - Default value: `false`
- `jti` (Boolean) JWT ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `nbf` (Boolean) Not before
  - Default value: `false`
- `nonce` (Boolean) Nonce
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--gen_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.gen_method`

Read-Only:

- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypt
  - Default value: `false`
- `sign` (Boolean) Sign
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/aaajwtgenerator.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaajwtgenerator Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWT Generator
---

# datapower_aaajwtgenerator (Data Source)

JWT Generator

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_aaajwtgenerator" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_aaajwtgenerator.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `additional_claims` (Attributes) Additional claims
  - CLI Alias: `add-claims` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--additional_claims))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `audience` (List of String) Audience claim
- `custom_claims` (String) Custom claims
- `duration` (Number) Validity period
- `enc_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm
- `encrypt_algorithm` (String) Key management algorithm
- `encrypt_certificate` (String) Encryption certificate
- `encrypt_ss_key` (String) Encryption key
- `gen_method` (Attributes) JWT generation method
  - CLI Alias: `generate-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--gen_method))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer
- `not_before` (Number) Delta for not before claim
- `sign_algorithm` (String) Signing algorithm
- `sign_key` (String) Signing key
- `sign_ss_key` (String) Signing shared secret
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--additional_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.additional_claims`

Read-Only:

- `aud` (Boolean) Audience
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom` (Boolean) Custom
  - Default value: `false`
- `iat` (Boolean) Issued at
  - Default value: `false`
- `jti` (Boolean) JWT ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `nbf` (Boolean) Not before
  - Default value: `false`
- `nonce` (Boolean) Nonce
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--gen_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.gen_method`

Read-Only:

- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypt
  - Default value: `false`
- `sign` (Boolean) Sign
  - Default value: `false`
