---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaapolicy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_aaapolicy (Data Source)

<p>Define the support to authenticate users and authorize their access to resources. An AAA policy consists of the following phases.</p><ul><li>During AAA processing, the identity extraction phase defines which methods the AAA policy uses to extract the claimed identity of the service requester.</li><li>After the claimed identity of the service requester is extracted, an AAA policy authenticates the claimed identity. The authentication process can use internal or external resources.</li><li>After authentication credentials are received, an AAA policy can map these credentials.</li><li>After client authentication, an AAA policy identifies the specific resource that is being requested by that client.</li><li>After requested resources are identified, you might need to map extracted resource to a form that is compatible with the authorization method.</li><li>After the service requester is authenticated from the extracted identity, an AAA policy authorizes the client to the requested resource.</li><li>After client-authorization, an AAA policy can run postprocessing activities.</li></ul>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_aaapolicy" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `ausmhttp_header` (List of String) Specify HTTP headers from CA Single Sign-On authentication responses. These headers are included as request or response headers based on the CA Single Sign-on header flow.
- `authenticate` (Attributes) Specify the method to authenticate the extracted identity. For some methods, you must define more properties.
  - CLI Alias: `authenticate` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--authenticate))
- `authorize` (Attributes) Specify the method to authorize the identity to resources. For some methods, you must define more properties.
  - CLI Alias: `authorize` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--authorize))
- `authorized_counter` (String) Specify the monitor for authorized messages. Ensure that this count monitor is configured with an XPath as the measure.
- `azsmhttp_header` (List of String) Specify HTTP headers from CA Single Sign-On authorization responses. These headers are included as request or response headers based on the CA Single Sign-On header flow.
- `do_s_valve` (Number) <p>Specify the number of times to process the same request to protect against a denial of service (DoS) attack. Enter a value in the range 1 - 1000. The default value is 3.</p><p>With the default value, AAA processes only the first 3 signature and each signature can contain up to 3 reference URIs. Additional signatures or reference URIs are ignored.</p><p>XML processing includes encryption, decryption, message signing, and signature validation. The AAA policy supports only identity extraction with subject DN from certificate in message signature and authorization with signer certificate for digitally signed messages.</p>
- `dyn_config` (String) Specify how to obtain the AAA policy configuration dynamically. With dynamic configuration, you can configure the AAA policy at run time. When enabled, the configuration of AAA is determined dynamically based on the template AAA policy and the parameters that the dynamic configuration custom URL returns. By default, uses no template.
- `dyn_config_custom_url` (String) <p>Specify the location of the custom stylesheet or GatewayScript file. The configuration of the AAA policy is obtained dynamically from this file. The obtained configuration overwrites the configuration in the template AAA policy.</p><p>In the custom file, modify only the properties to dynamically overwrite. See the <tt>ModifyAAAPolicy</tt> element in the <tt>store:///xml-mgmt.xsd</tt> schema to construct a schema-compliant AAA configuration.</p>
- `enforce_soap_actor` (Boolean) Whether to enforce the <tt>S11:actor</tt> or <tt>S12:role</tt> on WS-Security messages. In general, a WS-Security message has a <tt>S11:actor</tt> or <tt>S12:role</tt> attribute for its <tt>Security</tt> header. Processing can enforce these attributes when the AAA policy tries to use the <tt>Security</tt> header. For example, the <tt>Security</tt> element has only one actor or role. In this case, the AAA policy processes only the <tt>Security</tt> header for this actor or role identifier. This setting applies to all AAA phases, except postprocessing. For postprocessing, the activity generally generates a new message for next SOAP node.
- `external_aaa_template` (String) Specify another AAA policy to use as the template. When specified, this AAA policy overwrites the current AAA policy.
- `extract_identity` (Attributes) Specify the methods to extract the identity of the service requester. For some methods, you must define more properties.
  - CLI Alias: `extract-identity` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--extract_identity))
- `extract_resource` (Attributes) Specify the methods to extract the identity of a requested resource. For some methods, you must define more properties.
  - CLI Alias: `extract-resource` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--extract_resource))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `lda_psuffix` (String) Specify the LDAP suffix to add to the username to form the base distinguished name (DN) for authentication. The suffix and the username are separated with a comma. If the suffix is <tt>O=example.com</tt> and the username is <tt>Bob</tt> , the DN is <tt>CN=Bob,O=example.com</tt> .
- `ldap_version` (String) Specify the LDAP version to access the LDAP server. The default value is v2.
- `log_allowed` (Boolean) Whether to log successful AAA operations. When enabled and if needed, modify the default logging level from informational.
- `log_allowed_level` (String) Set the logging level for successful AAA operations. The default level is informational.
- `log_rejected` (Boolean) Whether to log unsuccessful AAA operations. When enabled and if needed, modify the default logging level from warning.
- `log_rejected_level` (String) Set the logging level for unsuccessful AAA operations. The default level is warning.
- `ltpa_attributes` (Attributes List) <p>Specify user attributes to include in the LTPA token. Attributes are relevant for only WebSphere tokens.</p><p>For each attribute, its value can be static or resolved at run time. <ul><li>When static, its value is a fixed value.</li><li>When resolved at run time, its value is resolved at run time with an XPath expression.</li></ul></p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ltpa_attributes))
- `map_credentials` (Attributes) Specify the method to map credentials for authorization. For some methods, you must define more properties.
  - CLI Alias: `map-credentials` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--map_credentials))
- `map_resource` (Attributes) Specify the method to map resources for authorization. For some methods, you must define more properties.
  - CLI Alias: `map-resource` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--map_resource))
- `namespace_mapping` (Attributes List) Define XML namespace maps. Each map is a prefix with its URI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--namespace_mapping))
- `ping_identity_compatibility` (Boolean) Control compatibility with a PingFederate identity server. By default, compatibility is disabled. Enable compatibility for SAML authentication or authorization.
- `post_process` (Attributes) Specify postprocessing activities. For some methods, you must define more properties.
  - CLI Alias: `post-process` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--post_process))
- `rejected_counter` (String) Specify the monitor for rejected messages. Ensure that this count monitor is configured with an XPath as the measure.
- `saml2_metadata_file` (String) Specify the location of the SAML 2.0 metadata file for SAML 2.0 protocol message exchanges. The metadata in this file identifies identity provider endpoints and certificates to secure message exchanges. The file must have a root-level &lt;md:EntitiesDescriptor> element with an &lt;EntityDescriptor> child element for each identity provider.
- `saml_attribute` (Attributes List) Specify SAML attributes. Each attribute consists of its namespace URI, local name, and expected value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--saml_attribute))
- `saml_signing_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to sign SAML messages. The default value is rsa.
- `saml_signing_cert` (String) Specify the certificate to sign SAML messages. To sign messages, you must specify a key and a certificate.
- `saml_signing_hash_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to calculate the message digest for signing. The default value is sha1.
- `saml_signing_key` (String) Specify the key to sign SAML messages. To sign messages, you must specify a key and a certificate.
- `saml_source_id_mapping_file` (String) Specify the location of the SAML artifact-mapping file that provides a mapping of SAML artifact source IDs to artifact retrieval endpoints. Use this setting when artifacts are retrieved from multiple endpoints and the source ID for these endpoints are encoded in the artifact itself. If only one artifact retrieval URL exists, it can be specified by the SAML artifact responder URL in the authentication phase.
- `saml_valcred` (String) SAML signature validation credentials
- `transaction_priority` (Attributes List) Define the transactional priority for users. For each user, you must specify the name of the output credentials, their priority for scheduling or resource allocation, and whether authorization is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--transaction_priority))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `ws_sec_actor_role_id` (String) Set the assumed <tt>S11:actor</tt> or <tt>S12:role</tt> identifier. The AAA policy acts as the assumed actor or role when it consumes <tt>Security</tt> headers. This setting takes effect only when the AAA policy attempts to process the incoming message before it makes an authorization decision. Postprocessing does not use this setting. Postprocessing uses its own setting in generating the message for the next SOAP node. The default value is an empty string. <table border="1"><tr><td valign="left"><tt>http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/actor/next</tt></td><td>Every one, including the intermediary and ultimate receiver, that receives the message can process the <tt>Security</tt> header.</td></tr><tr><td valign="left"><tt>http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope/role/none</tt></td><td>No one can process the <tt>Security</tt> header.</td></tr><tr><td valign="left"><tt>http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope/role/next</tt></td><td>Every one, including the intermediary and ultimate receiver, that receives the message can process the <tt>Security</tt> header.</td></tr><tr><td valign="left"><tt>http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope/role/ultimateReceiver</tt></td><td>The ultimate receiver can process the <tt>Security</tt> header.</td></tr><tr><td valign="left">No value, which is an empty string</td><td>The empty string (without quotation marks) indicates that no "actor/role" identifier is configured. With a configured actor/role, the ultimate receiver is assumed for the message. No actor/role attribute is added during the generation of the <tt>Security</tt> header. More than one <tt>Security</tt> header cannot omit the actor/role identifier.</td></tr><tr><td valign="left"><tt>USE_MESSAGE_BASE_URI</tt></td><td>The identifier is the base URL of the message. When the SOAP message is transported, the base URI is the request-URI of the HTTP request.</td></tr><tr><td valign="left">A string value</td><td>Any string to identify the actor or role of the <tt>Security</tt> header.</td></tr></table>
- `ws_secure_conversation_crypto_key` (String) WS-Trust encryption recipient certificate

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--authenticate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.authenticate`

Read-Only:

- `au_allow_remote_token_reference` (Boolean) Retrieve remote WS-Security token
  - CLI Alias: `remote-token-allowed`
  - Default value: `false`
- `au_binary_token_x509_valcred` (String) X.509 BinarySecurityToken validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `x509-bin-token-valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `au_cache_allow` (String) Cache authentication results
  - CLI Alias: `cache-type`
  - Choices: `absolute`, `disabled`, `maximum`, `minimum`
  - Default value: `absolute`
- `au_cache_control` (String) Authentication caching
  - CLI Alias: `cache-control`
  - Choices: `default`, `disable-all`, `disable-ldap-failures`
  - Default value: `default`
- `au_cache_ttl` (Number) Cache lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `cache-ttl`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `3`
- `au_clear_trust_application` (String)
- `au_clear_trust_server_url` (String) ClearTrust server URL
  - CLI Alias: `cleartrust-url`
- `au_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
  - CLI Alias: `custom-url`
- `au_host` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `remote-host`
- `au_kerberos_keytab` (String) Kerberos keytab
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-keytab`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokerberoskeytab:id`
- `au_kerberos_password` (String)
- `au_kerberos_principal` (String) Kerberos principal name
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-principal`
- `au_kerberos_verify_signature` (Boolean) - Default value: `true`
- `au_map_url` (String) AAA information file URL
  - CLI Alias: `xmlfile-url`
- `au_method` (String) Method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `xmlfile`, `ldap`, `tivoli`, `netegrity`, `oblix`, `cleartrust`, `radius`, `client-ssl`, `validate-signer`, `saml-signature`, `saml-artifact`, `saml-authen-query`, `ws-trust`, `ws-secureconversation`, `token`, `kerberos`, `ltpa`, `binarytokenx509`, `zosnss`, `verified-oauth`, `custom`
  - Default value: `ldap`
- `au_netegrity_base_uri` (String) CA Single Sign-On base URI
  - CLI Alias: `netegrity-base-uri`
- `au_port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `remote-port`
  - Default value: `389`
- `au_remote_token_process_service` (String) URL to process remote token
  - CLI Alias: `remote-token-url`
- `au_signed_x_path` (String) XPath expression
  - CLI Alias: `signed-xpath`
- `au_signer_valcred` (String) Signature validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `au_skew_time` (Number) Skew time
  - CLI Alias: `au-skew-time`
  - Default value: `0`
- `auldap_attributes` (String) User auxiliary LDAP attributes
  - CLI Alias: `au-ldap-attributes`
- `auldap_bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-bind-dn`
- `auldap_bind_password_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-bind-password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `auldap_load_balance_group` (String) LDAP load balancer group
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-lbgroup`
  - Reference to: `datapower_loadbalancergroup:id`
- `auldap_prefix` (String) LDAP DN prefix
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-prefix`
  - Default value: `cn=`
- `auldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP read timeout
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-readtimeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `60`
- `auldap_search_attribute` (String) LDAP search attribute
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-search-attr`
  - Default value: `userPassword`
- `auldap_search_for_dn` (Boolean) Search for DN
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-search-for-dn`
  - Default value: `false`
- `auldap_search_parameters` (String) LDAP search parameters
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-search-param`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ldapsearchparameters:id`
- `auldap_suffix` (String) LDAP DN suffix
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-suffix`
- `aultpa_key_file` (String) LTPA key file
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-key-file`
- `aultpa_key_file_password_alias` (String) LTPA key file password alias
  - CLI Alias: `ltpa-key-password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `aultpa_stash_file` (String) LTPA stash file
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-stash-file`
- `aultpa_token_versions_bitmap` (Attributes) Acceptable LTPA versions
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-version` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--authenticate--aultpa_token_versions_bitmap))
- `ausaml2_issuer` (String)
- `ausaml_artifact_responder` (String) SAML Artifact responder
  - CLI Alias: `saml-artifact-responder`
- `ausaml_auth_query_server` (String) SAML Authentication query server
  - CLI Alias: `saml-authen-query-url`
- `ausaml_version` (String) SAML version
  - CLI Alias: `saml-version`
  - Choices: `2.0`, `1.1`, `1.0`
  - Default value: `1.1`
- `ausm_cookie_attributes` (String) Cookie attribute policy
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-attributes`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cookieattributepolicy:id`
- `ausm_cookie_flow` (Attributes) Session cookie flow
  - CLI Alias: `sm-cookie-flow` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--authenticate--ausm_cookie_flow))
- `ausm_header_flow` (Attributes) CA Single Sign-On header flow
  - CLI Alias: `sm-header-flow` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--authenticate--ausm_header_flow))
- `ausm_request_type` (String) Request type
  - CLI Alias: `sm-request-type`
  - Choices: `webagent`, `webservice`
  - Default value: `webagent`
- `aussl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `aussl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `aussl_valcred` (String) TLS client validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `autam_server` (String) IBM Security Access Manager client
  - CLI Alias: `tam`
  - Reference to: `datapower_tam:id`
- `autampac_return` (Boolean) Return Privilege Attribute Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `tam-pac-return`
  - Default value: `false`
- `auws_trust_applies_to_header` (String) AppliesTo SOAP header
  - CLI Alias: `trust-applies-to-header`
- `auws_trust_client_entropy_size` (Number) Client entropy size
  - CLI Alias: `trust-client-entropy-size`
  - Range: `8`-`128`
  - Default value: `32`
- `auws_trust_encryption_certificate` (String) WS-Trust encryption certificate
  - CLI Alias: `trust-encryption-certificate`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `auws_trust_require_applies_to_header` (Boolean) Require AppliesTo SOAP header
  - CLI Alias: `trust-require-applies-to-header`
  - Default value: `false`
- `auws_trust_require_client_entropy` (Boolean) Require client entropy
  - CLI Alias: `trust-require-client-entropy`
  - Default value: `false`
- `auws_trust_require_rstc` (Boolean) Require RequestSecurityTokenCollection
  - CLI Alias: `trust-require-rstc`
  - Default value: `false`
- `auws_trust_require_server_entropy` (Boolean) Require server entropy
  - CLI Alias: `trust-require-server-entropy`
  - Default value: `false`
- `auws_trust_server_entropy_size` (Number) Server entropy size
  - CLI Alias: `trust-server-entropy-size`
  - Range: `8`-`128`
  - Default value: `32`
- `auws_trust_url` (String) WS-Trust token server
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-url`
- `auws_trust_version` (String) WS-Trust compatibility version
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-version`
  - Choices: `1.3`, `1.2`, `1.1`
  - Default value: `1.2`
- `auzosnss_config` (String) z/OS NSS client configuration
  - CLI Alias: `zos-nss-au`
  - Reference to: `datapower_zosnssclient:id`

<a id="nestedatt--result--authenticate--aultpa_token_versions_bitmap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.authenticate.aultpa_token_versions_bitmap`

Read-Only:

- `ltpa` (Boolean) WebSphere version 1
  - Default value: `false`
- `ltpa2` (Boolean) WebSphere version 2
  - Default value: `true`
- `ltpa_domino` (Boolean) Domino
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--authenticate--ausm_cookie_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.authenticate.ausm_cookie_flow`

Read-Only:

- `backend` (Boolean) Requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `frontend` (Boolean) Responses
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--authenticate--ausm_header_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.authenticate.ausm_header_flow`

Read-Only:

- `backend` (Boolean) Requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `frontend` (Boolean) Responses
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--authorize"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.authorize`

Read-Only:

- `az_cache_allow` (String) Cache authorization results
  - CLI Alias: `cache-type`
  - Choices: `absolute`, `disabled`, `maximum`, `minimum`
  - Default value: `absolute`
- `az_cache_control` (String) Authorization caching
  - CLI Alias: `cache-control`
  - Choices: `default`, `disable-all`, `disable-ldap-failures`
  - Default value: `default`
- `az_cache_ttl` (Number) Cache lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `cache-ttl`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `3`
- `az_clear_trust_server_url` (String) ClearTrust server URL
  - CLI Alias: `cleartrust-server-url`
- `az_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
  - CLI Alias: `custom-url`
- `az_host` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `remote-host`
- `az_map_url` (String) AAA information file URL
  - CLI Alias: `xmlfile-url`
- `az_method` (String) Method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `anyauthenticated`, `passthrough`, `tivoli`, `netegrity`, `oblix`, `cleartrust`, `custom`, `ldap`, `saml-authz`, `saml-attr`, `use-authen-attr`, `xacml`, `xmlfile`, `zosnss`, `oauth`
  - Default value: `anyauthenticated`
- `az_netegrity_base_uri` (String) CA Single Sign-On Base URI
  - CLI Alias: `netegrity-base-uri`
- `az_netegrity_op_name_extension` (String) Operation name extension
  - CLI Alias: `netegrity-opname-ext`
- `az_port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `remote-port`
  - Default value: `0`
- `az_skew_time` (Number) Skew time
  - CLI Alias: `az-skew-time`
  - Default value: `0`
- `az_valcred` (String) - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `azldap_attributes` (String) User auxiliary LDAP attributes
  - CLI Alias: `az-ldap-attributes`
- `azldap_bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-bind-dn`
- `azldap_bind_password_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-bind-password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `azldap_group` (String) LDAP Group DN
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-dn`
- `azldap_group_attribute` (String) LDAP group attribute
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-attr`
  - Default value: `member`
- `azldap_load_balance_group` (String) LDAP load balancer group
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-lbgroup`
  - Reference to: `datapower_loadbalancergroup:id`
- `azldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP Read Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-readtimeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `60`
- `azldap_search_filter` (String) LDAP search filter
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-search-filter`
  - Default value: `(objectClass=*)`
- `azldap_search_scope` (String) LDAP search scope
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-search-scope`
  - Choices: `subtree`, `one-level`, `base`
  - Default value: `subtree`
- `azo_auth_enforce_scope` (Boolean) Enforce scope
  - CLI Alias: `az-oauth-enforce-scope`
  - Default value: `false`
- `azo_auth_export_headers` (Boolean) Export response attributes
  - CLI Alias: `az-oauth-export-headers`
  - Default value: `true`
- `azsaf_default_action` (String) Default action
  - CLI Alias: `zos-nss-default-action`
  - Choices: `r`, `u`, `a`, `c`
  - Default value: `r`
- `azsaml_name_qualifier` (String) SAML NameQualifier
  - CLI Alias: `saml-name-qualifier`
- `azsaml_type` (String) SAML match
  - CLI Alias: `saml-type`
  - Choices: `xpath`, `any`, `all`, `any-value`, `all-values`
  - Default value: `any`
- `azsaml_version` (String) SAML version
  - CLI Alias: `saml-version`
  - Choices: `2.0`, `1.1`, `1.0`
  - Default value: `1.1`
- `azsamlurl` (String) SAML server URL
  - CLI Alias: `saml-server-url`
- `azsamlx_path` (String) SAML XPath
  - CLI Alias: `saml-xpath`
- `azsm_cookie_attributes` (String) Cookie attribute policy
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-attributes`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cookieattributepolicy:id`
- `azsm_cookie_flow` (Attributes) Session cookie flow
  - CLI Alias: `sm-cookie-flow` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--authorize--azsm_cookie_flow))
- `azsm_header_flow` (Attributes) CA Single Sign-On header flow
  - CLI Alias: `sm-header-flow` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--authorize--azsm_header_flow))
- `azsm_request_type` (String) Request type
  - CLI Alias: `sm-request-type`
  - Choices: `webagent`, `webservice`
  - Default value: `webagent`
- `azssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `azssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `aztam_action_resource_map` (String) Resource-action map
  - CLI Alias: `tam-action-map`
- `aztam_default_action` (String) Default action
  - CLI Alias: `tam-action-default`
  - Choices: `T`, `c`, `g`, `m`, `d`, `b`, `s`, `v`, `a`, `BypassPOP`, `tt`, `r`, `x`, `l`, `N`, `W`, `Add`, `BypassAuthzRule`, `_WebService_i`, `_PDMQ_D`, `_PDMQ_E`
  - Default value: `T`
- `aztam_server` (String) IBM Security Access Manager client
  - CLI Alias: `tam`
  - Reference to: `datapower_tam:id`
- `aztampac_return` (Boolean) Return Privilege Attribute Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `tam-pac-return`
  - Default value: `false`
- `aztampac_use` (Boolean) Use Privilege Attribute Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `use-tam-pac`
  - Default value: `false`
- `azxacml_binding_method` (String) XACML binding method
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-binding-method`
  - Choices: `dp-pdp`, `custom`
  - Default value: `custom`
- `azxacml_binding_object` (String) XACML binding
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-binding-object`
- `azxacml_binding_xsl` (String) Custom processing to bind AAA and XACML
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-binding-custom-url`
- `azxacml_custom_obligation` (String) Custom obligation fulfillment processing
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-obligation-custom-url`
- `azxacml_external_pdp_url` (String) URL for external policy decision point
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-url`
- `azxacml_use_on_box_pdp` (Boolean) Use on-box PDP
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-use-builtin`
  - Default value: `true`
- `azxacml_use_saml2` (Boolean) PDP requires SAML 2.0
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-use-saml2`
  - Default value: `false`
- `azxacml_use_soap` (Boolean) SOAP enveloping
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-use-soap`
  - Default value: `false`
- `azxacml_version` (String) XACML version
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-version`
  - Choices: `2`, `1`
  - Default value: `2`
- `azxacmlpdp` (String) Policy decision point
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-pdp`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xacmlpdp:id`
- `azxacmlpep_type` (String) PEP type
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-pep-type`
  - Choices: `base`, `deny-biased`, `permit-biased`
  - Default value: `deny-biased`
- `azzosnss_config` (String) z/OS NSS client configuration
  - CLI Alias: `zos-nss-az`
  - Reference to: `datapower_zosnssclient:id`

<a id="nestedatt--result--authorize--azsm_cookie_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.authorize.azsm_cookie_flow`

Read-Only:

- `backend` (Boolean) Requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `frontend` (Boolean) Responses
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--authorize--azsm_header_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.authorize.azsm_header_flow`

Read-Only:

- `backend` (Boolean) Requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `frontend` (Boolean) Responses
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--extract_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.extract_identity`

Read-Only:

- `ei_allow_remote_token_reference` (Boolean) Retrieve remote WS-Security token
  - CLI Alias: `remote-token-allowed`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ei_basic_auth_realm` (String) HTTP Basic Authentication Realm
  - CLI Alias: `basic-auth-realm`
  - Default value: `login`
- `ei_bitmap` (Attributes) Methods
  - CLI Alias: `method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--extract_identity--ei_bitmap))
- `ei_cookie_name` (String) Cookie name
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-name`
- `ei_custom_url` (String) Custom processing URL
  - CLI Alias: `custom-url`
- `ei_forms_login_policy` (String) HTML forms-based login policy
  - CLI Alias: `forms-login-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_formsloginpolicy:id`
- `ei_metadata` (String) Processing metadata items
  - CLI Alias: `metadata`
  - Reference to: `datapower_processingmetadata:id`
- `ei_password_retrieval_aaa_info_url` (String) AAA information file URL
  - CLI Alias: `password-retrieval-xmlfile-url`
- `ei_password_retrieval_custom_url` (String) Password-retrieval processing URL
  - CLI Alias: `password-retrieval-custom-url`
- `ei_password_retrieval_mechanism` (String) Password-retrieval method
  - CLI Alias: `password-retrieval-method`
  - Choices: `xmlfile`, `custom`
  - Default value: `xmlfile`
- `ei_remote_token_process_service` (String) URL to process remote token
  - CLI Alias: `remote-token-url`
- `ei_signer_dn_valcred` (String) Validation credentials for signing certificate
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `ei_social_login_policy` (String) Social login policy
  - CLI Alias: `social-login-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_socialloginpolicy:id`
- `ei_use_ws_sec` (Boolean) Use WS-Security token first
  - CLI Alias: `use-wssec-token`
  - Default value: `false`
- `eijwt_validator` (String) JWT validator
  - CLI Alias: `validate-jwt`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtvalidator:id`
- `eio_auth_client_group` (String) Registered OAuth clients
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-client-group`
  - Reference to: `datapower_oauthsupportedclientgroup:id`
- `eisaml_response_val_cred` (String) SAML response validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `saml-response-valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `eissl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `proxy`, `client`
  - Default value: `proxy`
- `eissl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `eix_path` (String) XPath expression
  - CLI Alias: `xpath`

<a id="nestedatt--result--extract_identity--ei_bitmap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.extract_identity.ei_bitmap`

Read-Only:

- `client_ip_address` (Boolean) Client IP address
  - Default value: `false`
- `client_ssl` (Boolean) Subject DN of TLS certificate from connection peer
  - Default value: `false`
- `cookie_token` (Boolean) Token extracted as cookie value
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom` (Boolean) Custom processing
  - Default value: `false`
- `html_forms_auth` (Boolean) HTML forms-based authentication
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_basic_auth` (Boolean) HTTP Authentication header
  - Default value: `false`
- `jwt` (Boolean) JWT
  - Default value: `false`
- `kerberos` (Boolean) Kerberos AP-REQ from WS-Security header
  - Default value: `false`
- `kerberos_spnego` (Boolean) Kerberos AP-REQ from SPNEGO token
  - Default value: `false`
- `ltpa` (Boolean) LTPA token
  - Default value: `false`
- `metadata` (Boolean) Processing metadata
  - Default value: `false`
- `oauth` (Boolean) OAuth
  - Default value: `false`
- `saml_artifact` (Boolean) SAML artifact
  - Default value: `false`
- `saml_attr_name` (Boolean) Name from SAML attribute assertion
  - Default value: `false`
- `saml_authen_name` (Boolean) Name from SAML authentication assertion
  - Default value: `false`
- `signer_dn` (Boolean) Subject DN from certificate in message signature
  - Default value: `false`
- `social_login` (Boolean) Redirect to a social login provider
  - Default value: `false`
- `token` (Boolean) Token extracted from message
  - Default value: `false`
- `ws_secure_conversation` (Boolean) WS-SecureConversation identifier
  - Default value: `false`
- `ws_trust` (Boolean) WS-Trust Base or Supporting token
  - Default value: `false`
- `wssec_binary_token` (Boolean) BinarySecurityToken element from WS-Security header
  - Default value: `false`
- `wssec_derived_key` (Boolean) Derived-key UsernameToken element from WS-Security header
  - Default value: `false`
- `wssec_username` (Boolean) Password-carrying UsernameToken element from WS-Security header
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--extract_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.extract_resource`

Read-Only:

- `er_bitmap` (Attributes) Methods
  - CLI Alias: `method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--extract_resource--er_bitmap))
- `er_metadata` (String) Processing metadata items
  - CLI Alias: `metadata`
  - Reference to: `datapower_processingmetadata:id`
- `erx_path` (String) XPath expression
  - CLI Alias: `xpath`

<a id="nestedatt--result--extract_resource--er_bitmap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.extract_resource.er_bitmap`

Read-Only:

- `http_method` (Boolean) HTTP operation (GET or POST)
  - Default value: `false`
- `metadata` (Boolean) Processing metadata
  - Default value: `false`
- `original_url` (Boolean) URL sent by client
  - Default value: `false`
- `request_opname` (Boolean) Local name of request element
  - Default value: `false`
- `request_uri` (Boolean) URI of top level element in message
  - Default value: `false`
- `target_url` (Boolean) URL sent to back end
  - Default value: `false`
- `x_path` (Boolean) XPath expression
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--ltpa_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ltpa_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `ltpa_user_attribute_name` (String) Attribute name
- `ltpa_user_attribute_static_value` (String) Static attribute value
- `ltpa_user_attribute_type` (String) Attribute type
  - Choices: `static`, `xpath`
- `ltpa_user_attribute_x_path_value` (String) XPath attribute value


<a id="nestedatt--result--map_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.map_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `mc_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
  - CLI Alias: `custom-url`
- `mc_map_url` (String) AAA information file URL
  - CLI Alias: `xmlfile-url`
- `mc_map_x_path` (String) XPath expression
  - CLI Alias: `xpath`
- `mc_method` (String) Method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `none`, `custom`, `xmlfile`, `xpath`, `ws-secureconversation`, `TFIM`
  - Default value: `none`


<a id="nestedatt--result--map_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.map_resource`

Read-Only:

- `mr_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
  - CLI Alias: `custom-url`
- `mr_map_url` (String) AAA information file URL
  - CLI Alias: `xmlfile-url`
- `mr_map_x_path` (String) XPath expression
  - CLI Alias: `xpath`
- `mr_method` (String) Method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `none`, `custom`, `xmlfile`, `xpath`, `tivoli`
  - Default value: `none`
- `mrtam_instance_prefix` (String) Object space prefix
  - CLI Alias: `tam-prefix`
- `mrtam_map` (String) Object space mapping
  - CLI Alias: `tam-mapping`
  - Choices: `TFIM`, `TAMBI`, `WebSEAL`, `Custom`
  - Default value: `WebSEAL`
- `mrtam_web_seal_dyn_url_file` (String) WebSEAL DynURL mapping file
  - CLI Alias: `webseal-dynurl-file`


<a id="nestedatt--result--namespace_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.namespace_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix
- `uri` (String) URI


<a id="nestedatt--result--post_process"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.post_process`

Read-Only:

- `pp_actor_role_id` (String) Actor or role identifier
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-actor-role-id`
- `pp_allow_renewal` (Boolean) Allow WS-Trust token renewal
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-allow-renewal`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pp_cookie_attributes` (String) Cookie attribute policy
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-attributes`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cookieattributepolicy:id`
- `pp_custom_url` (String) Custom processing
  - CLI Alias: `custom-url`
- `pp_enabled` (Boolean) Run postprocessing custom processing
  - CLI Alias: `custom-processing`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pp_kerberos_bst_value_type` (String) ValueType for generated Kerberos BinarySecurityToken
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-value-type`
  - Choices: `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/oasis-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#Kerberosv5_AP_REQ`, `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/oasis-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#GSS_Kerberosv5_AP_REQ`, `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/oasis-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#Kerberosv5_AP_REQ1510`, `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/oasis-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#GSS_Kerberosv5_AP_REQ1510`, `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/oasis-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#Kerberosv5_AP_REQ4120`, `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/oasis-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#GSS_Kerberosv5_AP_REQ4120`, `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2005/xx/oasis-2005xx-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#Kerberosv5_AP_REQ`, `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2005/xx/oasis-2005xx-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#GSS_Kerberosv5_AP_REQ`, `http://www.docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2004/07/oasis-000000-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.0#Kerberosv5_AP_REQ`
  - Default value: `http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/oasis-wss-kerberos-token-profile-1.1#GSS_Kerberosv5_AP_REQ`
- `pp_kerberos_client` (String) Kerberos client principal
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-client-principal`
- `pp_kerberos_client_ctx_var` (String) Kerberos client principal - context variable
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-client-ctx-var`
- `pp_kerberos_client_custom_url` (String) Kerberos client principal - custom processing
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-client-custom-url`
- `pp_kerberos_client_keytab` (String) Kerberos client keytab
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-client-keytab`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokerberoskeytab:id`
- `pp_kerberos_client_password` (String)
- `pp_kerberos_client_source` (String) Kerberos client principal source
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-client-source`
  - Choices: `mc-output`, `custom-url`, `ctx-var`
  - Default value: `mc-output`
- `pp_kerberos_self` (String) Kerberos self principal
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-self-principal`
- `pp_kerberos_self_keytab` (String) Kerberos self keytab
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-self-keytab`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokerberoskeytab:id`
- `pp_kerberos_server` (String) Kerberos server principal
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-server`
- `pp_kerberos_server_ctx_var` (String) Kerberos server principal - context variable
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-server-ctx-var`
- `pp_kerberos_server_custom_url` (String) Kerberos server principal - custom processing
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-server-custom-url`
- `pp_kerberos_server_source` (String) Kerberos server principal source
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-server-source`
  - Choices: `as-is-string`, `custom-url`, `ctx-var`
  - Default value: `as-is-string`
- `pp_kerberos_spnego_token` (Boolean) Generate Kerberos SPNEGO token
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-generate-spnego`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pp_kerberos_ticket` (Boolean) Include a WS-Security Kerberos AP-REQ token
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-include-token`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pp_kerberos_use_s4u2_proxy` (Boolean) Use constrained delegation
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-use-s4u2proxy`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pp_kerberos_use_s4u2_self_and_s4u2_proxy` (Boolean) Use protocol transition and constrained delegation
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-use-s4u2self`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pp_one_time_use` (Boolean) One time use only
  - CLI Alias: `one-time-use`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pp_result_wrapup` (String) Wrap up result
  - CLI Alias: `result-wrapup`
  - Choices: `wssec-replace`, `wssec-new`, `wssec-inject`, `soap-body`, `none`
  - Default value: `wssec-replace`
- `pp_shared_secret_key` (String) Shared secret key
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-shared-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `pp_signing_hash_alg` (String) Signing message digest algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `message-digest-algorithm`
  - Choices: `sha1`, `sha256`, `sha512`, `ripemd160`, `sha224`, `sha384`, `md5`
  - Default value: `sha1`
- `pp_timestamp` (Boolean) Output WS-Trust token time stamp
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-add-timestamp`
  - Default value: `true`
- `pp_timestamp_expiry` (Number) Security context validity
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-timestamp-expiry`
  - Range: `0`-`31622400`
  - Default value: `0`
- `pp_use_ws_sec` (Boolean) Wrap token in WS-Security Security header
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-header-wrap-token`
  - Default value: `false`
- `pphmac_signing_alg` (String) HMAC signing algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `hmac-signing-algorithm`
  - Choices: `hmac-sha1`, `hmac-sha224`, `hmac-sha256`, `hmac-sha384`, `hmac-sha512`, `hmac-ripemd160`, `hmac-md5`
  - Default value: `hmac-sha1`
- `ppicrx_token` (Boolean) Generate ICRX token for z/OS identity propagation
  - CLI Alias: `generate-icrx`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppicrx_user_realm` (String) ICRX realm
  - CLI Alias: `icrx-user-realm`
- `ppjwt` (Boolean) Generate a JWT token
  - CLI Alias: `jwt`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppjwt_generator` (String) JWT Generator settings
  - CLI Alias: `generate-jwt`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtgenerator:id`
- `ppltpa` (Boolean) Generate LTPA token
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-generate-token`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppltpa_expiry` (Number) LTPA token expiry
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-expiry`
  - Range: `1`-`628992000`
  - Default value: `600`
- `ppltpa_insert_cookie` (Boolean) Insert LTPA Set-Cookie
  - CLI Alias: `ltpa-insert-cookie`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ppltpa_key_file` (String) LTPA key file
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-key-file`
- `ppltpa_key_file_password` (String) LTPA key file password
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-key-file-password`
- `ppltpa_key_file_password_alias` (String) LTPA key file password alias
  - CLI Alias: `ltpa-key-file-password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `ppltpa_stash_file` (String) LTPA stash file
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-stash-file`
- `ppltpa_version` (String) LTPA token version
  - CLI Alias: `lpta-version`
  - Choices: `LTPA`, `LTPA1FIPS`, `LTPA2`, `LTPA2WAS7`, `LTPADomino`
  - Default value: `LTPA2`
- `ppsaml_assertion_type` (Attributes) SAML assertion type
  - CLI Alias: `saml-assertion-type` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--post_process--ppsaml_assertion_type))
- `ppsaml_attributes` (String) SAML attribute definition
  - CLI Alias: `saml-attributes`
  - Reference to: `datapower_samlattributes:id`
- `ppsaml_audience` (String) SAML audience
  - CLI Alias: `saml-audience`
- `ppsaml_auth_assertion` (Boolean) Generate SAML assertion with SAML authentication statement
  - CLI Alias: `saml-generate-assertion`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppsaml_authz_action` (String) Action for SAML Authorization decision
  - CLI Alias: `saml-authz-action`
  - Choices: `AllHTTP`, `POST`, `GET`, `PUT`, `HEAD`, `General`, `Read`, `Write`, `Execute`, `Delete`, `Control`, `NegatedRead`, `NegatedWrite`, `NegatedExecute`, `NegatedDelete`, `NegatedControl`
  - Default value: `AllHTTP`
- `ppsaml_identity_provider` (Boolean) Generate SAML assertion or response
  - CLI Alias: `generate-saml-assertion`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppsaml_name_id` (Boolean) SAML subject contains name identifier
  - CLI Alias: `saml-nid`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ppsaml_name_id_format` (String) SAML name identifier format
  - CLI Alias: `saml-nid-format`
- `ppsaml_name_qualifier` (String) SAML name qualifier
  - CLI Alias: `saml-name-qualifier`
- `ppsaml_omit_not_before` (Boolean) Omit NotBefore attribute
  - CLI Alias: `saml-omit-notbefore`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppsaml_protocol` (String) SAML protocol or profile
  - CLI Alias: `saml-protocol`
  - Choices: `assertion`, `response`
  - Default value: `assertion`
- `ppsaml_proxy` (Boolean) Allow SAML ProxyRestriction
  - CLI Alias: `saml-proxy`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppsaml_proxy_audience` (String) SAML proxy audience
  - CLI Alias: `saml-proxy-audience`
- `ppsaml_proxy_count` (Number) SAML proxy count
  - CLI Alias: `saml-proxy-count`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `ppsaml_recipient` (String) SAML recipient
  - CLI Alias: `saml-recipient`
- `ppsaml_response_destination` (String) Response destination
  - CLI Alias: `saml-response-destination`
- `ppsaml_send_slo` (Boolean) Send SAML Single Logout request (SAML 2.0 only)
  - CLI Alias: `saml-send-slo`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppsaml_server_name` (String) SAML Issuer identity
  - CLI Alias: `saml-server-name`
  - Default value: `XS`
- `ppsaml_skew` (Number) Skew time
  - CLI Alias: `saml-skew`
  - Default value: `0`
- `ppsaml_subject_confirm` (String) SAML subject confirmation method
  - CLI Alias: `saml-subject-confirm`
  - Choices: `bearer`, `hok`, `sv`
  - Default value: `bearer`
- `ppsaml_use_ws_sec` (Boolean) Wrap SAML assertion in WS-Security Security header
  - CLI Alias: `saml-in-wssec`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppsaml_validity` (Number) Assertion validity
  - CLI Alias: `saml-validity`
  - Default value: `0`
- `ppsaml_version` (String) SAML version
  - CLI Alias: `saml-version`
  - Choices: `2`, `1.1`, `1`
  - Default value: `2`
- `ppsamlslo_endpoint` (String) SAML SLO service URL
  - CLI Alias: `saml-slo-endpoint`
- `ppssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `proxy`, `client`
  - Default value: `proxy`
- `ppssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `pptam_header` (String) Privilege Attribute Certificate header name
  - CLI Alias: `tam-header`
  - Default value: `iv-creds`
- `pptam_header_size` (Number) PAC header value size
  - CLI Alias: `tam-header-size`
  - Default value: `0`
- `pptampac_propagate` (Boolean) Generate an Access Manager PAC token
  - CLI Alias: `propagate-tam-pac`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_derived_key_username_token` (Boolean) Use Derived-Key variant of WS-Security UsernameToken
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-use-derived-key`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_derived_key_username_token_iterations` (Number) Hashing iteration count
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-derived-key-hash-iter`
  - Range: `2`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1000`
- `ppws_trust` (Boolean) Process WS-Trust SCT STS request
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-generate-resp`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_trust_header` (Boolean) Return the WS-Trust token as SOAP header
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-in-header`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_trust_never_expire` (Boolean) WS-Trust SecurityContext never expires
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-never-expire`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_trust_new_instance` (Boolean) Issue new Instance for WS-Trust renewal
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-new-instance`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_trust_new_key` (Boolean) Update context key for WS-Trust renewal
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-new-key`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_trust_renewal_wait` (Number) Wait time for renewal
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-renewal-wait`
  - Range: `0`-`2678400`
  - Default value: `0`
- `ppws_username_token` (Boolean) Add WS-Security UsernameToken
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-add-user-name-token`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_username_token_allow_replacement` (Boolean) Replace existing UsernameToken
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-replace-existing`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ppws_username_token_include_pwd` (Boolean) Include password in UsernameToken
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-user-name-token-contains-pwd`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ppws_username_token_password_type` (String) WS-Security UsernameToken password type
  - CLI Alias: `wssec-user-name-token-type`
  - Choices: `Text`, `Digest`
  - Default value: `Digest`
- `ppwssc_key_source` (String) Source of shared secret to initialize SecurityContext
  - CLI Alias: `ws-trust-key-source`
  - Choices: `client-entropy`, `in-kerberos`, `in-encryptedkey`, `static`, `random`
  - Default value: `random`

<a id="nestedatt--result--post_process--ppsaml_assertion_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.post_process.ppsaml_assertion_type`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (Boolean) Attribute statement
  - Default value: `true`
- `authentication` (Boolean) Authentication statement
  - Default value: `true`
- `authorization` (Boolean) Authorization decision statement
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--saml_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.saml_attribute`

Read-Only:

- `local_name` (String) Local name
- `uri` (String) Namespace URI
- `value` (String) Attribute value


<a id="nestedatt--result--transaction_priority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.transaction_priority`

Read-Only:

- `authorization` (Boolean) Require authorization
  - Default value: `false`
- `credential` (String) Credential name
- `priority` (String) Transaction priority
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
