docs/data-sources/access_control_list.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_access_control_list Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An access control list (ACL) consists of a sequence of allow and deny clauses. Each clause identifies an IP address or range of addresses that grants or denies access to a service. Candidate addresses are sequentially evaluated against each clause. A candidate address is granted or denied access in accordance with the first clause that matches. Consequently, the order of the clauses is vital.An ACL with only deny clauses effectively disables the service. To complete the configuration, include an allow clause to ensure that all addresses that are not explicitly denied access are granted access.
---

# datapower_access_control_list (Data Source)

An access control list (ACL) consists of a sequence of allow and deny clauses. Each clause identifies an IP address or range of addresses that grants or denies access to a service. <p>Candidate addresses are sequentially evaluated against each clause. A candidate address is granted or denied access in accordance with the first clause that matches. Consequently, the order of the clauses is vital.</p><p>An ACL with only deny clauses effectively disables the service. To complete the configuration, include an allow clause to ensure that all addresses that are not explicitly denied access are granted access.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_access_control_list" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `access_control_entry` (Attributes List) Specify allow and deny clauses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--access_control_entry))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--access_control_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.access_control_entry`

Read-Only:

- `access` (String) Specify whether to allow or deny access. <ul><li>When allow, the range of address is granted access to the service.</li><li>When deny, the range of addresses is denied access to the service.</li></ul>
  - Choices: `allow`, `deny`
- `address` (String) Specify the contiguous range of IP addresses that are granted or denied access. Enter the value as an IP address and network mask.

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/access_control_list.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_access_control_list Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An access control list (ACL) consists of a sequence of allow and deny clauses. Each clause identifies an IP address or range of addresses that grants or denies access to a service. Candidate addresses are sequentially evaluated against each clause. A candidate address is granted or denied access in accordance with the first clause that matches. Consequently, the order of the clauses is vital.An ACL with only deny clauses effectively disables the service. To complete the configuration, include an allow clause to ensure that all addresses that are not explicitly denied access are granted access.
---

# datapower_access_control_list (Data Source)

An access control list (ACL) consists of a sequence of allow and deny clauses. Each clause identifies an IP address or range of addresses that grants or denies access to a service. <p>Candidate addresses are sequentially evaluated against each clause. A candidate address is granted or denied access in accordance with the first clause that matches. Consequently, the order of the clauses is vital.</p><p>An ACL with only deny clauses effectively disables the service. To complete the configuration, include an allow clause to ensure that all addresses that are not explicitly denied access are granted access.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_access_control_list" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_AccessControlList"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `access_control_entry` (Attributes List) Specify allow and deny clauses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--access_control_entry))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--access_control_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.access_control_entry`

Read-Only:

- `access` (String) Specify whether to allow or deny access. <ul><li>When allow, the range of address is granted access to the service.</li><li>When deny, the range of addresses is denied access to the service.</li></ul>
  - Choices: `allow`, `deny`
- `address` (String) Specify the contiguous range of IP addresses that are granted or denied access. Enter the value as an IP address and network mask.
