docs/data-sources/amqp_source_protocol_handler.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_amqp_source_protocol_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  In AMQP, distributed source and target termini are managed by a broker. The broker periodically monitors and polls termini. The broker ensures that sent messages are directed to the correct target terminus or are routed to another server. The AMQP broker configuration corresponds to an AMQP broker that is running on another host in the network.
---

# datapower_amqp_source_protocol_handler (Data Source)

In AMQP, distributed source and target termini are managed by a broker. The broker periodically monitors and polls termini. The broker ensures that sent messages are directed to the correct target terminus or are routed to another server. The AMQP broker configuration corresponds to an AMQP broker that is running on another host in the network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_amqp_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_AMQPSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `broker` (String) AMQP broker
- `credit` (Number) Specify the number of concurrent messages that a receiver can handle. The minimum value is 1. The default value is 100.
- `from` (String) Source terminus
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ignore_reply_to` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to ignore the AMQP <tt>reply-to</tt> property. The default behavior is to ignore the property. <ul><li>When enabled, ignore the <tt>reply-to</tt> address when sending an AMQP response message.</li><li>When disabled, use the <tt>reply-to</tt> address instead of the address of the target terminus.</li></ul></p>
- `to` (String) Target terminus
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/amqp_source_protocol_handler.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_amqp_source_protocol_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  In AMQP, distributed source and target termini are managed by a broker. The broker periodically monitors and polls termini. The broker ensures that sent messages are directed to the correct target terminus or are routed to another server. The AMQP broker configuration corresponds to an AMQP broker that is running on another host in the network.
---

# datapower_amqp_source_protocol_handler (Data Source)

In AMQP, distributed source and target termini are managed by a broker. The broker periodically monitors and polls termini. The broker ensures that sent messages are directed to the correct target terminus or are routed to another server. The AMQP broker configuration corresponds to an AMQP broker that is running on another host in the network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_amqp_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_AMQPSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `broker` (String) AMQP broker
- `credit` (Number) Specify the number of concurrent messages that a receiver can handle. The minimum value is 1. The default value is 100.
- `from` (String) Source terminus
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ignore_reply_to` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to ignore the AMQP <tt>reply-to</tt> property. The default behavior is to ignore the property. <ul><li>When enabled, ignore the <tt>reply-to</tt> address when sending an AMQP response message.</li><li>When disabled, use the <tt>reply-to</tt> address instead of the address of the target terminus.</li></ul></p>
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `to` (String) Target terminus
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
