---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_analytics_endpoint Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An analytics endpoint buffers API event data and offloads the collected data as a bulk activity log to a remote server. When offloaded, you can use this data for display and analysis.
---

# datapower_analytics_endpoint (Data Source)

An analytics endpoint buffers API event data and offloads the collected data as a bulk activity log to a remote server. When offloaded, you can use this data for display and analysis.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_analytics_endpoint" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `analytics_server_url` (String) Specify the URL to offload the collected API event data. The URL can start with <tt>http</tt> or <tt>https</tt> for an Elasticsearch server or start with <tt>dpkafka</tt> for a Kafka server. <ul><li>For an Elasticsearch server, specify the full URL to the endpoint starting with the <tt>http</tt> or <tt>https</tt> protocol identifier. With HTTPS, you must assign a TLS client profile.</li><li>For a Kafka server, specify only the name of the existing Kafka cluster configuration after the <tt>dpkafka</tt> protocol identifier. To complete the URL, you must specify which request topic to offload analytics data.</li></ul>
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `client_id` (String) Client ID
- `client_secret_alias` (String) Client secret
- `delivery_connections` (Number) Specify the number of connections to establish per delivery to the remote server to offload analytics data. Each connection can carry a bulk activity log. Enter a value in the range 1 - 100. The default value is 1.
- `enable_jwt` (Boolean) Enable JWT feature sending logs to analytics server.
- `grant_type` (String) Specify the grant type for requesting JWT tokens. Only the client credentials grant type is supported.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `interval` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds between offloads. Data is offloaded at this interval or when an API gateway reaches 80% of the value set for maximum records. Enter a value in the range 1 - 3600. The default value is 600
- `management_url` (String) Specify the URL of management platform endpoint to retrieve a JWT. The URL must use the <tt>http</tt> or <tt>https</tt> protocol.
- `management_url_ssl_client` (String) Management platform TLS client profile
- `max_delivery_memory_mb` (Number) Specify the maximum size for each delivery in MB. Enter a value in the range 1 - 1024. The default value is 512.
- `max_records` (Number) Specify the maximum number of records that can be buffered for each API gateway. The collected analytics data for an API gateway is offloaded when 80% of this value or the defined interval is reached. The value must be a power of 2. Enter a value in the range 256 - 65536. The default value is 1024.
- `max_records_memory_kb` (Number) Specify the maximum size for each record in KB. Enter a value in the range 4 - 1024. The default value is 512.
- `persistent_connection` (Boolean) Specify whether to negotiate persistent connections. By default, persistent connections are enabled. The HTTP/2 protocol controls persistent connections and reuse. Therefore, these settings are ignored.
- `persistent_timeout` (Number) Specify the inter-transaction timeout for connections, which is the maximum idle time to allow between the completion of a TCP transaction and the initiation of a new TCP transaction. When the idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 60.
- `request_topic` (String) Request topic
- `scope` (String) Specify the scope for requesting JWT tokens. The value is in the <tt>openid analytics_subsystem_ID/name</tt> format.
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the intra-transaction timeout for connections, which is the maximum idle time to allow in a transaction. This timer monitors idle time in the data transfer process. When the idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 90.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
