---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_http_scheme Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage an HTTP bearer authentication security definition with the Bearer authentication security scheme in an API as defined in OpenAPI 3.0. Bearer authentication is an HTTP Authentication scheme and was originally part of RFC 6750: The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage.
---

# datapower_api_security_http_scheme (Data Source)

Configure and manage an HTTP bearer authentication security definition with the Bearer authentication security scheme in an API as defined in OpenAPI 3.0. Bearer authentication is an HTTP Authentication scheme and was originally part of RFC 6750: The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_security_http_scheme" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APISecurityHTTPScheme"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `bearer_format` (String) Specify how the bearer token is formatted. The format is primarily a hint.
- `bearer_validation_endpoint` (String) Specify the URL of the validation endpoint. When this connection uses the HTTPS protocol, specify the TLS client profile to secure the connection.
- `bearer_validation_method` (String) Bearer validation method
- `bearer_validation_tls_profile` (String) Specify the TLS client profile to secure the connection to the validation endpoint. You must specify a client profile when you connect to the validation endpoint with the HTTPS protocol.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `scheme` (String) Specify the HTTP authentication security scheme. The only supported value is <tt>bearer</tt> .
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
