---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_schema Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API schema defines the schemas to validate JSON, XML, WSDL, or SOAP messages.
---

# datapower_api_schema (Data Source)

An API schema defines the schemas to validate JSON, XML, WSDL, or SOAP messages.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_schema" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APISchema"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `graphql_schema` (String) Specify the schema URL for GraphQL message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore-Pet.graphql</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `json_schema` (String) Specify the schema URL for JSON message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore.json#/definitions/Pet</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `wsdl_attachment_part` (String) Specify the mime:content to validate in the format <tt>mime:content/@part</tt> . The value must be the unqualified name of the message part. The name is the same as the part attribute on the corresponding <tt>mime:content</tt> component in the WSDL file. When not specified or <tt>*</tt> , the root MIME part is validated. The root MIME part is bound to a <tt>soap:Body</tt> .
- `wsdl_message_direction_or_name` (String) Specify the <tt>wsdl:input</tt> , <tt>wsdl:output</tt> , or <tt>wsdl:fault</tt> for the traffic to validate. The value must be the name of one or more WSDL input, output, or fault components, or <tt>#input</tt> or <tt>#output</tt> for the request and response directions respectively, or <tt>*</tt> for all inputs, outputs, and faults in the WSDL file. When specified and not <tt>*</tt> , only messages that match the specified direction or name are valid. Faults are valid for the response direction.
- `wsdl_operation_name` (String) Specify the <tt>wsdl:operation</tt> for the traffic to validate. The value should be the unqualified name of the operation or <tt>*</tt> for all operations in the WSDL file. When specified and not <tt>*</tt> , only messages for the named operation are valid.
- `wsdl_port_q_name` (String) Specify the <tt>wsdl:port</tt> for the traffic to validate. The value should be a QName in the form <tt>{namespace-uri}local-part</tt> or <tt>*</tt> for all ports in the WSDL file. When specified and not <tt>*</tt> , only messages for the named port are valid.
- `wsdl_schema_url` (String) Specify the schema URL for WSDL message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore-Pet.wsdl</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
- `xml_schema_url` (String) Specify the schema URL for XML message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore-Pet.xsd</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
- `xml_type` (String) XML type
- `xml_validation_mode` (String) XML validation mode

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
