docs/data-sources/api_rule.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API rule completes the processing of API requests or completes the operations that are required by the API requests.
---

# datapower_api_rule (Data Source)

An API rule completes the processing of API requests or completes the operations that are required by the API requests.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_rule" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APIRule"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `actions` (List of String) Specify the processing actions for the rule. With multiple actions, ensure that the actions are in the correct processing sequence.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `dynamic_actions` (Attributes List) Specify the dynamic actions for the rule. With multiple actions, ensure that the actions are in the correct processing sequence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dynamic_actions))
- `dynamic_actions_mode` (Boolean) Specify whether to use dynamic actions instead of explicit actions. Dynamic actions take configuration values at run time and override the default properties in API actions. API rules that contain dynamic actions can be included in user-defined policies that API Connect advertises and makes available in the API Connect assembly editor.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--dynamic_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dynamic_actions`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Specifies an existing object from which to retrieve default property values for the dynamic object. If an object is not specified, then the URL reference, the literal configuration, or the combination of URL reference and literal configuration fully define the action.
- `literal` (String) Specifies a literal string that defines serialized XML or JSON properties for merging into the dynamic object. These properties override the existing default properties. The literal string can contain variable references.
- `url` (String) Specifies a URL to a file that contains serialized XML or JSON properties to be merged into the dynamic object. These properties override any existing literal or default properties. The URL can contain variable references, and fields within the associated file can also contain variable references.

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/api_rule.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API rule completes the processing of API requests or completes the operations that are required by the API requests.
---

# datapower_api_rule (Data Source)

An API rule completes the processing of API requests or completes the operations that are required by the API requests.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_rule" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APIRule"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `actions` (List of String) Specify the processing actions for the rule. With multiple actions, ensure that the actions are in the correct processing sequence.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `dynamic_actions` (Attributes List) Specify the dynamic actions for the rule. With multiple actions, ensure that the actions are in the correct processing sequence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dynamic_actions))
- `dynamic_actions_mode` (Boolean) Specify whether to use dynamic actions instead of explicit actions. Dynamic actions take configuration values at run time and override the default properties in API actions. API rules that contain dynamic actions can be included in user-defined policies that API Connect advertises and makes available in the API Connect assembly editor.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--dynamic_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dynamic_actions`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Specifies an existing object from which to retrieve default property values for the dynamic object. If an object is not specified, then the URL reference, the literal configuration, or the combination of URL reference and literal configuration fully define the action.
- `literal` (String) Specifies a literal string that defines serialized XML or JSON properties for merging into the dynamic object. These properties override the existing default properties. The literal string can contain variable references.
- `url` (String) Specifies a URL to a file that contains serialized XML or JSON properties to be merged into the dynamic object. These properties override any existing literal or default properties. The URL can contain variable references, and fields within the associated file can also contain variable references.
