docs/data-sources/api_security_oauth_req.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_oauth_req Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An OAuth security requirement defines the allowed scopes for controlling access to APIs or operations through the token-based OAuth protocol. By using an OAuth token, a user can grant websites or applications to access their data that are stored with another service provider, without sharing their personal credentials. Note: You cannot apply more than one OAuth security requirement to an API or operation.
---

# datapower_api_security_oauth_req (Data Source)

An OAuth security requirement defines the allowed scopes for controlling access to APIs or operations through the token-based OAuth protocol. By using an OAuth token, a user can grant websites or applications to access their data that are stored with another service provider, without sharing their personal credentials. <p><b>Note:</b> You cannot apply more than one OAuth security requirement to an API or operation.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_security_oauth_req" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APISecurityOAuthReq"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `api_security_oauth_def` (String) OAuth security definition
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `oauth_allowed_scope` (String) Specify the scopes that the access token is valid to access. To specify multiple scopes, use a space between each scope. The order of scopes does not matter. <p>The allowed scopes must be a subset of the allowed scopes set for the OAuth provider settings.</p><p>Scopes ensure that the granted access token is valid to access only specific protected resources.</p>
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/api_security_oauth_req.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_oauth_req Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An OAuth security requirement defines the allowed scopes for controlling access to APIs or operations through the token-based OAuth protocol. By using an OAuth token, a user can grant websites or applications to access their data that are stored with another service provider, without sharing their personal credentials. Note: You cannot apply more than one OAuth security requirement to an API or operation.
---

# datapower_api_security_oauth_req (Data Source)

An OAuth security requirement defines the allowed scopes for controlling access to APIs or operations through the token-based OAuth protocol. By using an OAuth token, a user can grant websites or applications to access their data that are stored with another service provider, without sharing their personal credentials. <p><b>Note:</b> You cannot apply more than one OAuth security requirement to an API or operation.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_security_oauth_req" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APISecurityOAuthReq"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `api_security_oauth_def` (String) OAuth security definition
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `oauth_allowed_scope` (String) Specify the scopes that the access token is valid to access. To specify multiple scopes, use a space between each scope. The order of scopes does not matter. <p>The allowed scopes must be a subset of the allowed scopes set for the OAuth provider settings.</p><p>Scopes ensure that the granted access token is valid to access only specific protected resources.</p>
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
