docs/data-sources/api_security_basic_auth.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_basic_auth Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API basic authentication security definition selects a user registry to authenticate accesses to the API. When you use basic authentication, API users must provide a valid username and password in the requests to access API operations that require basic authentication. Note: You cannot apply more than one basic authentication security definition to an API.
---

# datapower_api_security_basic_auth (Data Source)

An API basic authentication security definition selects a user registry to authenticate accesses to the API. When you use basic authentication, API users must provide a valid username and password in the requests to access API operations that require basic authentication. <b>Note:</b> You cannot apply more than one basic authentication security definition to an API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_security_basic_auth" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APISecurityBasicAuth"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_registry` (String) Specify the API user registry configuration to authenticate API requests. The supported registries are API authentication URL and API LDAP registry.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/api_security_basic_auth.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_basic_auth Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API basic authentication security definition selects a user registry to authenticate accesses to the API. When you use basic authentication, API users must provide a valid username and password in the requests to access API operations that require basic authentication. Note: You cannot apply more than one basic authentication security definition to an API.
---

# datapower_api_security_basic_auth (Data Source)

An API basic authentication security definition selects a user registry to authenticate accesses to the API. When you use basic authentication, API users must provide a valid username and password in the requests to access API operations that require basic authentication. <b>Note:</b> You cannot apply more than one basic authentication security definition to an API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_security_basic_auth" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APISecurityBasicAuth"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_registry` (String) Specify the API user registry configuration to authenticate API requests. The supported registries are API authentication URL and API LDAP registry.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
