---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_application_type Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API application type for an application to support. An application type provides configurable properties.
---

# datapower_api_application_type (Data Source)

An API application type for an application to support. An application type provides configurable properties.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_application_type" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APIApplicationType"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `supported_oauth_types` (Attributes List) Supported OAuth types (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--supported_oauth_types))
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--supported_oauth_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.supported_oauth_types`

Read-Only:

- `client_type` (String) Client type
  - Choices: `confidential`, `public`
  - Default value: `confidential`
- `grant_type` (String) Flow
  - Choices: `implicit`, `password`, `application`, `accessCode`
  - Default value: `implicit`
