---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_api_key Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API key security definition defines the credentials that an API client must provide to the API gateway to identify itself when calling the API operations. You can require that the client must provide only the client ID, or both the client ID and client secret. When you require the client to provide both the client ID and client secret, you must define two separate configurations, one of type ID and the other of type secret.
---

# datapower_api_security_api_key (Data Source)

An API key security definition defines the credentials that an API client must provide to the API gateway to identify itself when calling the API operations. You can require that the client must provide only the client ID, or both the client ID and client secret. When you require the client to provide both the client ID and client secret, you must define two separate configurations, one of type ID and the other of type secret.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_security_api_key" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APISecurityAPIKey"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `key_name` (String) Key name
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `type` (String) Type
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `where` (String) Specify the location of the client credentials. An API call fails if the credentials are not included in the specified location. <b>Note:</b> Regardless of where the client credentials are sent, you must specify the same location for the client ID and client secret.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
