docs/data-sources/api_auth_url_registry.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_auth_url_registry Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage the API authentication URL registry.
---

# datapower_api_auth_url_registry (Data Source)

Configure and manage the API authentication URL registry.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_auth_url_registry" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APIAuthURLRegistry"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `auth_url` (String) Specify the URL of the authentication endpoint to authenticate credentials. The user credentials in the authorization header are validated by the authentication endpoint. When the user is authenticated, DataPower expects the authentication endpoint to return an HTTP 200 status code. All other status codes result in an authentication failure, and access is denied.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `tls_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/api_auth_url_registry.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_auth_url_registry Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage the API authentication URL registry.
---

# datapower_api_auth_url_registry (Data Source)

Configure and manage the API authentication URL registry.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_auth_url_registry" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_APIAuthURLRegistry"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `auth_url` (String) Specify the URL of the authentication endpoint to authenticate credentials. The user credentials in the authorization header are validated by the authentication endpoint. When the user is authenticated, DataPower expects the authentication endpoint to return an HTTP 200 status code. All other status codes result in an authentication failure, and access is denied.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `tls_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
