---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_connect_gateway_service Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The API Connect gateway service defines the type of gateway service and manages connections with API Connect. When configured, the DataPower Gateway creates a gateway service to retrieve data from API Connect to define the configuration to process API requests.
---

# datapower_api_connect_gateway_service (Data Source)

The API Connect gateway service defines the type of gateway service and manages connections with API Connect. When configured, the DataPower Gateway creates a gateway service to retrieve data from API Connect to define the configuration to process API requests.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_api_connect_gateway_service" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `api_gateway_address` (String) Specify the IP address or host alias to accept API requests. The default value is 0.0.0.0. This address is used with its port to create an HTTPS handler.
- `api_gateway_port` (Number) Specify the listening port for API requests. The default value is 9443. This port is used with its address to create an HTTPS handler.
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `gateway_peering` (String) Specify the gateway-peering instance that manages data across the gateway peers. The following restrictions apply. <ul><li>When TLS and peer group mode are enabled, all peers must use the same crypto material.</li><li>Keys and certificates are restricted to PEM and PKCS #12 formats.</li></ul>
- `gateway_peering_manager` (String) Specify the gateway-peering manager that manages gateway-peering instances for the gateway service. This property is meaningful when the gateway type is an API gateway.
- `ip_multicast` (String) Specify the IP multicast configuration for the SLM policy. This property is meaningful when the gateway type is a Multi-Protocol Gateway and the peer mode is multicast.
- `ip_unicast` (String) Specify the address of the unicast peer group for the SLM policy. This property is meaningful when the gateway type is a Multi-Protocol Gateway and the peer mode is unicast.
- `jwt_url` (String) JWT URL
- `jwt_validation_mode` (String) Specify the JWT validation mode. This property does not control whether a token is validated. This property controls whether transactions fail when validation fails.
- `local_address` (String) Specify the IP address or interface through that API Connect uses to manage the gateway service. The default value is 0.0.0.0.
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the listening port for the gateway service. The default value is 3000. <p><b>Note:</b> The gateway service uses four additional consecutive ports after the local port. Therefore, all five consecutive ports must be clear of conflicts.</p>
- `proxy_policy` (Attributes) API Manager proxy
  - CLI Alias: `proxy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy_policy))
- `ssl_server` (String) Specify the TLS server profile to secure connections between API Connect to the gateway service. The following restrictions apply. <ul><li>Keys and certificates are restricted to PEM and PKCS #12 formats.</li><li>The validation credentials must use PEM formatted material.</li></ul>
- `user_defined_policies` (List of String) Specify user-defined policies to advertise to API Connect for use in the API Connect Assembly Editor. This property is meaningful when the gateway type is an API gateway. <p>For an assembly function that is a user-defined policy, configure the assembly function with a mechanism other than a watched file that is processed by a configuration sequence. Objects that are created through the processing of configuration sequences are not persisted to the startup configuration. The preferred method for user-defined policies is to define them explicitly so that they persist to the startup configuration.</p>
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `v5c_slm_mode` (String) Specify the peer group type for the SLM policy. This property is meaningful when the gateway type is a Multi-Protocol Gateway.
- `v5compatibility_mode` (Boolean) Specify whether the gateway service is a Multi-Protocol Gateway or an API gateway. <ui><li>When enabled, the gateway service is a Multi-Protocol Gateway that is compatible with API Connect version 5.</li><li>When disabled, that gateway service is an API gateway this is not compatible with API Connect v5.</li></ui>

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--proxy_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy_policy`

Read-Only:

- `proxy_policy_enable` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable a proxy to connect to API Manager.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the hostname or IP address of the proxy to connect to the API Manager endpoint.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the listening port on the proxy to connect to the API Manager endpoint.
