docs/data-sources/apicollection.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apicollection Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API collection
---

# datapower_apicollection (Data Source)

API collection

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_apicollection" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_apicollection.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `analytics_endpoint` (String) Analytic endpoint
- `api_error_rule` (String) API error rule
- `api_processing_rule` (String) API processing rule
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `application_type` (List of String) Application types
- `assembly_burst_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly burst limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit))
- `assembly_count_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly count limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit))
- `assembly_postflow` (String) Assembly postprocessing
- `assembly_preflow` (String) Assembly preprocessing
- `assembly_rate_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit))
- `cache_capacity` (Number) Subscriber cache capacity
- `catalog_id` (String) Catalog ID
- `catalog_name` (String) Catalog name
- `default_rate_limit` (Attributes List) Default rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--default_rate_limit))
- `dev_portal_endpoint` (String) Developer Portal endpoint
- `enforce_pre_assembly_rate_limits` (Boolean) Enforce preassembly rate limits
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `org_id` (String) Organization ID
- `org_name` (String) Organization name
- `parse_settings_reference` (Attributes) Parse settings
  - CLI Alias: `parse-settings-reference` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference))
- `plan` (List of String) Plans
- `rate_limit_group` (String) Rate limit group
- `routing_prefix` (Attributes List) Routing prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--routing_prefix))
- `sandbox` (Boolean) Sandbox
- `use_rate_limit_group` (Boolean) Use rate limit group
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_burst_limit`

Read-Only:

- `burst` (Number) Burst
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_count_limit`

Read-Only:

- `auto_dec` (Boolean) Auto decrement
  - Default value: `true`
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `count` (Number) Count
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `true`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `false`
- `name` (String) Name
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--default_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.default_rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.parse_settings_reference`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Object reference
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_parsesettings:id`
- `literal` (String) Literal configuration
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) URL reference
  - CLI Alias: `url`


<a id="nestedatt--result--routing_prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.routing_prefix`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Prefix
- `type` (String) Type
  - Choices: `uri`, `host`
  - Default value: `uri`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/apicollection.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apicollection Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API collection
---

# datapower_apicollection (Data Source)

API collection

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_apicollection" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_apicollection.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `analytics_endpoint` (String) Analytic endpoint
- `api_error_rule` (String) API error rule
- `api_processing_rule` (String) API processing rule
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `application_type` (List of String) Application types
- `assembly_burst_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly burst limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit))
- `assembly_count_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly count limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit))
- `assembly_postflow` (String) Assembly postprocessing
- `assembly_preflow` (String) Assembly preprocessing
- `assembly_rate_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit))
- `cache_capacity` (Number) Subscriber cache capacity
- `catalog_id` (String) Catalog ID
- `catalog_name` (String) Catalog name
- `default_rate_limit` (Attributes List) Default rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--default_rate_limit))
- `dev_portal_endpoint` (String) Developer Portal endpoint
- `enforce_pre_assembly_rate_limits` (Boolean) Enforce preassembly rate limits
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `org_id` (String) Organization ID
- `org_name` (String) Organization name
- `parse_settings_reference` (Attributes) Parse settings
  - CLI Alias: `parse-settings-reference` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference))
- `plan` (List of String) Plans
- `rate_limit_group` (String) Rate limit group
- `routing_prefix` (Attributes List) Routing prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--routing_prefix))
- `sandbox` (Boolean) Sandbox
- `use_rate_limit_group` (Boolean) Use rate limit group
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_burst_limit`

Read-Only:

- `burst` (Number) Burst
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_count_limit`

Read-Only:

- `auto_dec` (Boolean) Auto decrement
  - Default value: `true`
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `count` (Number) Count
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `true`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `false`
- `name` (String) Name
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--default_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.default_rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.parse_settings_reference`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Object reference
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_parsesettings:id`
- `literal` (String) Literal configuration
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) URL reference
  - CLI Alias: `url`


<a id="nestedatt--result--routing_prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.routing_prefix`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Prefix
- `type` (String) Type
  - Choices: `uri`, `host`
  - Default value: `uri`
