docs/data-sources/apiplan.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apiplan Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API plan
---

# datapower_apiplan (Data Source)

API plan

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_apiplan" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_apiplan.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `api` (List of String) API
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `assembly_burst_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly burst limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit))
- `assembly_burst_limit_definition` (Attributes List) Assembly burst limit definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit_definition))
- `assembly_count_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly count limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit))
- `assembly_count_limit_definition` (Attributes List) Assembly count limit definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit_definition))
- `assembly_rate_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit))
- `assembly_rate_limit_definition` (Attributes List) Assembly rate limit definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit_definition))
- `burst_limit` (Attributes List) Burst limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--burst_limit))
- `exclude_operation` (List of String) Exclude operation
- `graph_ql_schema_options` (List of String) GraphQL schema options
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `name` (String) Plan name
- `override` (List of String) Operation rate limit
- `product_id` (String) Product ID
- `product_name` (String) Product name
- `product_title` (String) Product title
- `product_version` (String) Product version
- `rate_limit` (Attributes List) Rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--rate_limit))
- `rate_limit_group` (String) Rate limit group
- `rate_limit_scope` (String) Rate limit scope
- `space_id` (String) Space ID
- `space_name` (String) Space name
- `use_limit_definitions` (Boolean) Use limit definitions
- `use_rate_limit_group` (Boolean) Use rate limit group
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_burst_limit`

Read-Only:

- `burst` (Number) Burst
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_burst_limit_definition`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) Definition
  - CLI Alias: `definition`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ratelimitdefinition:id`
- `short_name` (String) Short name
  - CLI Alias: `name`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_count_limit`

Read-Only:

- `auto_dec` (Boolean) Auto decrement
  - Default value: `true`
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `count` (Number) Count
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `true`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `false`
- `name` (String) Name
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_count_limit_definition`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) Definition
  - CLI Alias: `definition`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ratelimitdefinition:id`
- `short_name` (String) Short name
  - CLI Alias: `name`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_rate_limit_definition`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) Definition
  - CLI Alias: `definition`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ratelimitdefinition:id`
- `short_name` (String) Short name
  - CLI Alias: `name`


<a id="nestedatt--result--burst_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.burst_limit`

Read-Only:

- `burst` (Number) Burst
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/apiplan.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apiplan Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API plan
---

# datapower_apiplan (Data Source)

API plan

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_apiplan" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_apiplan.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `api` (List of String) API
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `assembly_burst_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly burst limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit))
- `assembly_burst_limit_definition` (Attributes List) Assembly burst limit definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit_definition))
- `assembly_count_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly count limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit))
- `assembly_count_limit_definition` (Attributes List) Assembly count limit definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit_definition))
- `assembly_rate_limit` (Attributes List) Assembly rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit))
- `assembly_rate_limit_definition` (Attributes List) Assembly rate limit definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit_definition))
- `burst_limit` (Attributes List) Burst limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--burst_limit))
- `exclude_operation` (List of String) Exclude operation
- `graph_ql_schema_options` (List of String) GraphQL schema options
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `name` (String) Plan name
- `override` (List of String) Operation rate limit
- `product_id` (String) Product ID
- `product_name` (String) Product name
- `product_title` (String) Product title
- `product_version` (String) Product version
- `rate_limit` (Attributes List) Rate limit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--rate_limit))
- `rate_limit_group` (String) Rate limit group
- `rate_limit_scope` (String) Rate limit scope
- `space_id` (String) Space ID
- `space_name` (String) Space name
- `use_limit_definitions` (Boolean) Use limit definitions
- `use_rate_limit_group` (Boolean) Use rate limit group
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_burst_limit`

Read-Only:

- `burst` (Number) Burst
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_burst_limit_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_burst_limit_definition`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) Definition
  - CLI Alias: `definition`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ratelimitdefinition:id`
- `short_name` (String) Short name
  - CLI Alias: `name`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_count_limit`

Read-Only:

- `auto_dec` (Boolean) Auto decrement
  - Default value: `true`
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `count` (Number) Count
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `true`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `false`
- `name` (String) Name
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_count_limit_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_count_limit_definition`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) Definition
  - CLI Alias: `definition`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ratelimitdefinition:id`
- `short_name` (String) Short name
  - CLI Alias: `name`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--assembly_rate_limit_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.assembly_rate_limit_definition`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) Definition
  - CLI Alias: `definition`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ratelimitdefinition:id`
- `short_name` (String) Short name
  - CLI Alias: `name`


<a id="nestedatt--result--burst_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.burst_limit`

Read-Only:

- `burst` (Number) Burst
- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.rate_limit`

Read-Only:

- `cache_only` (Boolean) Cache only
  - Default value: `true`
- `dynamic_value` (String) Dynamic Value
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Enable hard limit
  - Default value: `false`
- `interval` (Number) Interval
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `is_client` (Boolean) Is Client
  - Default value: `true`
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate` (Number) Rate
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
- `unit` (String) Unit
  - Choices: `second`, `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`
  - Default value: `second`
- `use_api_name` (Boolean) Use API Name
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_app_id` (Boolean) Use Application ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_client_id` (Boolean) Use Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `weight` (String) Weight expression
  - Default value: `1`
