---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_appsecuritypolicy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An Application Security Policy establishes the rules to use to enforce security for a Web Application Firewall service. This policy employs request maps, response maps, and error maps that provide a detailed security configuration. Each of these maps, in turn, matches to a Web Request Profile, Web Request Profile, or Error Policy, as the case might be.
---

# datapower_appsecuritypolicy (Data Source)

An Application Security Policy establishes the rules to use to enforce security for a Web Application Firewall service. This policy employs request maps, response maps, and error maps that provide a detailed security configuration. Each of these maps, in turn, matches to a Web Request Profile, Web Request Profile, or Error Policy, as the case might be.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_appsecuritypolicy" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `error_maps` (Attributes List) A list of Error Policy objects (Processing Rules) and their matching criteria. If an error meets the matching criteria, its Error Policy runs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--error_maps))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `request_maps` (Attributes List) A list of Web Request Profile objects and their matching criteria. If the client request meets the matching criteria, its Web Request Profile runs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--request_maps))
- `response_maps` (Attributes List) A list of Web Response Profile objects and their matching criteria. If the server response meets the matching criteria, its Web Response Profile runs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--response_maps))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--error_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.error_maps`

Read-Only:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select the Processing Rule to run.
  - Reference to: `datapower_stylepolicyrule:id`


<a id="nestedatt--result--request_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.request_maps`

Read-Only:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select the Web Request Profile to run.
  - Reference to: `datapower_webapprequest:id`


<a id="nestedatt--result--response_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.response_maps`

Read-Only:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select the Web Response Profile to run.
  - Reference to: `datapower_webappresponse:id`
