---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assemblyactionparse Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The parse assembly action parses a request as XML or JSON and, if binary, parses the binary data into a binary large object (BLOB).
---

# datapower_assemblyactionparse (Data Source)

The parse assembly action parses a request as XML or JSON and, if binary, parses the binary data into a binary large object (BLOB).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assemblyactionparse" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `input` (String) Specify the variable in the API context that contains the message to parse. The content of the <tt>body</tt> field is the input. The default variable is <tt>message</tt> .
- `output` (String) Specify the variable in the API context to store the results. The content of the <tt>body</tt> field represents the results. The metrics of the parsed message can be stored in different parts of the message. The default variable is the same as that of the variable for the input message. Therefore, by default, the input message is overwritten by the output message.
- `parse_settings_reference` (Attributes) Specify the parse settings configuration. A parse settings configuration defines the constraints on the documents to parse. You can configure the constraints by specifying a URL reference from which to retrieve the constraints definition. You can also specify a literal configuration string in XML management interface or REST management interface format that contains the constraints definition. You can also select a parse settings configuration from the list in Object reference to retrieve constraints definition. Precedence rules apply when the constraint for the same aspect of an input document is configured with more than one method.
  - CLI Alias: `parse-settings-reference` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference))
- `title` (String) Title
- `use_content_type` (Boolean) Specify whether to attempt a parse with the specified content type. This property is only applicable when the expected content type is either JSON or XML. When enabled, the action fails when the content type does not match the parse-settings. For example, <tt>Content-Type: application/json</tt> and the setting is configured for XML. If configured to detect, forced to the specified content type.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `warn_on_empty_input` (Boolean) Warn on empty input

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.parse_settings_reference`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Object reference
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_parsesettings:id`
- `literal` (String) Literal configuration
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) URL reference
  - CLI Alias: `url`
