docs/data-sources/assemblyactionoauth.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assemblyactionoauth Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OAuth assembly action
---

# datapower_assemblyactionoauth (Data Source)

OAuth assembly action

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assemblyactionoauth" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_assemblyactionoauth.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) Enable debugging
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Correlation path
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `o_auth_provider_settings_reference` (Attributes) OAuth token provider settings
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-provider-settings-ref` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--o_auth_provider_settings_reference))
- `supported_o_auth_components` (Attributes) Supported OAuth components
  - CLI Alias: `supported-oauth-components` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--supported_o_auth_components))
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--o_auth_provider_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.o_auth_provider_settings_reference`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Object reference
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_oauthprovidersettings:id`
- `literal` (String) Literal configuration
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) URL reference
  - CLI Alias: `url`


<a id="nestedatt--result--supported_o_auth_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.supported_o_auth_components`

Read-Only:

- `none` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_collect_metadata` (Boolean) Collect Metadata
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_generate_access_token` (Boolean) Generate access token
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_generate_az_code` (Boolean) Generate authorization code
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_introspect_token` (Boolean) Introspect token
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_revoke_token` (Boolean) Revoke token
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_validate_request` (Boolean) Validate request
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_verify_az_code` (Boolean) Verify authorization code
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_verify_refresh_token` (Boolean) Verify refresh token
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/assemblyactionoauth.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assemblyactionoauth Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OAuth assembly action
---

# datapower_assemblyactionoauth (Data Source)

OAuth assembly action

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assemblyactionoauth" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_assemblyactionoauth.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) Enable debugging
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Correlation path
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `o_auth_provider_settings_reference` (Attributes) OAuth token provider settings
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-provider-settings-ref` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--o_auth_provider_settings_reference))
- `supported_o_auth_components` (Attributes) Supported OAuth components
  - CLI Alias: `supported-oauth-components` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--supported_o_auth_components))
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--o_auth_provider_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.o_auth_provider_settings_reference`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Object reference
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_oauthprovidersettings:id`
- `literal` (String) Literal configuration
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) URL reference
  - CLI Alias: `url`


<a id="nestedatt--result--supported_o_auth_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.supported_o_auth_components`

Read-Only:

- `none` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_collect_metadata` (Boolean) Collect Metadata
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_generate_access_token` (Boolean) Generate access token
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_generate_az_code` (Boolean) Generate authorization code
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_introspect_token` (Boolean) Introspect token
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_revoke_token` (Boolean) Revoke token
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_validate_request` (Boolean) Validate request
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_verify_az_code` (Boolean) Verify authorization code
  - Default value: `false`
- `o_auth_verify_refresh_token` (Boolean) Verify refresh token
  - Default value: `false`
