docs/data-sources/assembly_action_json2xml.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_json2xml Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The JSON to XML assembly action converts the payload of a message from JSON to its equivalent XML.
---

# datapower_assembly_action_json2xml (Data Source)

The JSON to XML assembly action converts the payload of a message from JSON to its equivalent XML.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assembly_action_json2xml" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_AssemblyActionJson2Xml"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
- `always_output_root_element` (Boolean) Specify whether to include the root element in the resultant XML. When enabled, the output includes the root element in the resultant XML.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `conversion_format` (String) Specify the conversion type. The default setting is BadgerFish.
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `input` (String) Specify the variable in the API context that contains the input message. The content of the <tt>body</tt> field is the input. With the default variable of <tt>message</tt> , the input is <tt>message.body</tt> .
- `output` (String) Specify the variable in the API context to store the converted output message. The results are written to the <tt>body</tt> field of the specified variable. The output variable cannot be a read-only variable. <p>When you want the converted output to be returned to the client, you must use <tt>message</tt> as the output variable.</p><ul><li>Without an output variable, the output variable matches the input variable. For example, if the input variable is <tt>message</tt> , the output variable is <tt>message</tt> . Therefore, if the input variable is <tt>foo</tt> , the output variable is <tt>foo</tt> .</li><li>When the output variable is not <tt>message</tt> , the content is converted but not returned to the client.</li></ul>
- `root_element_name` (String) Specify the name of the root element that wraps the resultant XML document. The default value is <tt>json</tt> . <p>The root element is generated with the specified name when one of the following conditions is met.</p><ul><li>The output include the root element.</li><li>The input has no root object.</li></ul>
- `title` (String) Title
- `unnamed_element_name` (String) Specify the XML element that is the result of converting JSON arrays to XML. The default value is <tt>element</tt> .
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/assembly_action_json2xml.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_json2xml Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The JSON to XML assembly action converts the payload of a message from JSON to its equivalent XML.
---

# datapower_assembly_action_json2xml (Data Source)

The JSON to XML assembly action converts the payload of a message from JSON to its equivalent XML.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assembly_action_json2xml" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_AssemblyActionJson2Xml"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
- `always_output_root_element` (Boolean) Specify whether to include the root element in the resultant XML. When enabled, the output includes the root element in the resultant XML.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `conversion_format` (String) Specify the conversion type. The default setting is BadgerFish.
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `input` (String) Specify the variable in the API context that contains the input message. The content of the <tt>body</tt> field is the input. With the default variable of <tt>message</tt> , the input is <tt>message.body</tt> .
- `output` (String) Specify the variable in the API context to store the converted output message. The results are written to the <tt>body</tt> field of the specified variable. The output variable cannot be a read-only variable. <p>When you want the converted output to be returned to the client, you must use <tt>message</tt> as the output variable.</p><ul><li>Without an output variable, the output variable matches the input variable. For example, if the input variable is <tt>message</tt> , the output variable is <tt>message</tt> . Therefore, if the input variable is <tt>foo</tt> , the output variable is <tt>foo</tt> .</li><li>When the output variable is not <tt>message</tt> , the content is converted but not returned to the client.</li></ul>
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `root_element_name` (String) Specify the name of the root element that wraps the resultant XML document. The default value is <tt>json</tt> . <p>The root element is generated with the specified name when one of the following conditions is met.</p><ul><li>The output include the root element.</li><li>The input has no root object.</li></ul>
- `title` (String) Title
- `unnamed_element_name` (String) Specify the XML element that is the result of converting JSON arrays to XML. The default value is <tt>element</tt> .
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
