docs/data-sources/assembly_action_redact.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_redact Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The redact assembly action redacts or removes data from fields in the request body, in the response body, or in the activity logs. This action is useful to remove or block out sensitive data for legal, security, or other reasons. The input to this action must be parsed data. One way to produce parsed data is to add a parse assembly action before the redact assembly action in your assembly.
---

# datapower_assembly_action_redact (Data Source)

The redact assembly action redacts or removes data from fields in the request body, in the response body, or in the activity logs. <p>This action is useful to remove or block out sensitive data for legal, security, or other reasons. The input to this action must be parsed data. One way to produce parsed data is to add a parse assembly action before the redact assembly action in your assembly.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assembly_action_redact" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `redact` (Attributes List) Specify how to handle sensitive data by path expression and action. When the action is redact, content is obfuscated with asterisks. If the redacted content is numeric data, the type is changed to <tt>string</tt> . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--redact))
- `root` (String) Specify the root of the content to redact or remove. For example <tt>message.body</tt> . When not specified, the action applies to the entire API context.
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--redact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.redact`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Specify whether to redact or remove the content.
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `redact`, `remove`
  - Default value: `redact`
- `path` (String) Specify the JSONata path expression to the content.
  - CLI Alias: `path`

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/assembly_action_redact.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_redact Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The redact assembly action redacts or removes data from fields in the request body, in the response body, or in the activity logs. This action is useful to remove or block out sensitive data for legal, security, or other reasons. The input to this action must be parsed data. One way to produce parsed data is to add a parse assembly action before the redact assembly action in your assembly.
---

# datapower_assembly_action_redact (Data Source)

The redact assembly action redacts or removes data from fields in the request body, in the response body, or in the activity logs. <p>This action is useful to remove or block out sensitive data for legal, security, or other reasons. The input to this action must be parsed data. One way to produce parsed data is to add a parse assembly action before the redact assembly action in your assembly.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assembly_action_redact" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_AssemblyActionRedact"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `redact` (Attributes List) Specify how to handle sensitive data by path expression and action. When the action is redact, content is obfuscated with asterisks. If the redacted content is numeric data, the type is changed to <tt>string</tt> . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--redact))
- `root` (String) Specify the root of the content to redact or remove. For example <tt>message.body</tt> . When not specified, the action applies to the entire API context.
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--redact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.redact`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Specify whether to redact or remove the content.
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `redact`, `remove`
  - Default value: `redact`
- `path` (String) Specify the JSONata path expression to the content.
  - CLI Alias: `path`
