---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_throw Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The throw assembly action customizes an error. When triggered, the custom error is thrown. Subsequent actions in the assembly are not processed. The custom error, including the error identifier and text, is saved in the API context.
---

# datapower_assembly_action_throw (Data Source)

The throw assembly action customizes an error. When triggered, the custom error is thrown. Subsequent actions in the assembly are not processed. The custom error, including the error identifier and text, is saved in the API context.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assembly_action_throw" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
- `error_id` (String) Specify the identifier of the custom error. The maximum value length is 64 characters. The following characters are valid. <ul><li>a - z</li><li>A - Z</li><li>0 - 9</li><li>_</li><li>-</li></ul><p>You can reference a custom API property that resolves as the value. To reference an API property, use the <tt>$(api.properties. <i>property_name</i> )</tt> format, where <tt><i>property_name</i></tt> is the name of the property to reference. You can use the short form <tt>$( <i>property_name</i> )</tt> when the assembly action does not have a property with the same name.</p>
- `error_status_code` (String) Specify the HTTP status code to return to the client for the error. You can reference a variable in the API context with the <tt>$( <i>variable</i> )</tt> format, such as <tt>$(message.status.code)</tt> .
- `error_status_reason` (String) Specify the HTTP reason phrase to return to the client for the error. You can reference a variable in the API context with the <tt>$( <i>variable</i> )</tt> format, such as <tt>$(message.status.reason)</tt> .
- `error_text` (String) Specify the text for the error message. You can reference a custom API property that resolves as the value. To reference an API property, use the <tt>$(api.properties. <i>property_name</i> )</tt> format, where <tt><i>property_name</i></tt> is the name of the property to reference. You can use the short form <tt>$( <i>property_name</i> )</tt> when the assembly action does not have a property with the same name.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
