docs/data-sources/assemblyactionmap.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assemblyactionmap Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Map assembly action
---

# datapower_assemblyactionmap (Data Source)

Map assembly action

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assemblyactionmap" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_assemblyactionmap.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) Enable debugging
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Correlation path
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `location` (String) Location
- `parse_settings_reference` (Attributes) Parse settings
  - CLI Alias: `parse-settings-reference` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference))
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.parse_settings_reference`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Object reference
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_parsesettings:id`
- `literal` (String) Literal configuration
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) URL reference
  - CLI Alias: `url`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/assemblyactionmap.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assemblyactionmap Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Map assembly action
---

# datapower_assemblyactionmap (Data Source)

Map assembly action

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_assemblyactionmap" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_assemblyactionmap.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `action_debug` (Boolean) Enable debugging
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `correlation_path` (String) Correlation path
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `location` (String) Location
- `parse_settings_reference` (Attributes) Parse settings
  - CLI Alias: `parse-settings-reference` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference))
- `title` (String) Title
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--parse_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.parse_settings_reference`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Object reference
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_parsesettings:id`
- `literal` (String) Literal configuration
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) URL reference
  - CLI Alias: `url`
