---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_auditlog Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_auditlog (Data Source)

<p>The audit log settings control the configuration of the system audit log. These settings controls the level of audit. When set to full, connection information is logged. When the system is in Common Criteria Compliance mode, more information is logged.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_auditlog" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `audit_level` (String) Specify the audit level. The default value is for standard logging.
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `rotate` (Number) Specify the maximum number of rotations. Enter a value in the range 1 - 100. The default value is 3.
- `size` (Number) Specify the maximum size of audit log rotations in KB. Enter a value in the range 250 - 500000. The default value is 1000.

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
