---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2b_cpa_collaboration Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2B CPA collaboration
---

# datapower_b2b_cpa_collaboration (Data Source)

B2B CPA collaboration

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_b2b_cpa_collaboration" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_B2BCPACollaboration"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes List) Specify CPA actions to bind. For a business collaboration, each action entry identifies a business message that a party can send or receive. For a collaboration of MSH level signal, the action overrides the sending or receiving behaviors of the default sender setting or default receiver setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--actions))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `external_role` (String) Specify the name of the authorized role of the external partner in a business collaboration service. Each role is authorized for specific actions. For example, a <tt>Supplier</tt> role has the authority for selling actions.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `internal_role` (String) Specify the name of the authorized role of the internal partner in a business collaboration service. Each role is authorized for specific actions. For example, a <tt>Buyer</tt> role has the authority for purchasing actions.
- `process_specification` (String) Specify the location of the process specification document that defines the interactions between the internal and external partners. For example, <tt>http://www.rosettanet.org/processes/3A4</tt> .
- `receiver_msh_setting` (String) Specify the name of the default MSH signal receiver to receive ebMS MSH signals to receive MSH level signals that include <tt>Acknowledgment</tt> , <tt>Error</tt> , <tt>StatusRequest</tt> , <tt>StatusResponse</tt> , <tt>Ping</tt> , and <tt>Pong</tt> .
- `sender_msh_setting` (String) Specify the name of the default MSH signal sender to send ebMS MSH signals to send MSH level signals that include <tt>Acknowledgment</tt> , <tt>Error</tt> , <tt>StatusRequest</tt> , <tt>StatusResponse</tt> , <tt>Ping</tt> , and <tt>Pong</tt> .
- `service` (String) Specify the value of the service that acts on the message. The value is used to specify and identify the value of the Service element in the outbound and inbound ebMS message header. The service is one of the following types. <ul><li>A business collaboration service for exchanging business messages.</li><li>An MSH signal service for exchanging MSH signals.</li></ul><p>The value of <tt>urn:oasis:names:tc:ebxml-msg:service;</tt> is an MSH signal service. Any other value represents a business collaboration service.</p>
- `service_type` (String) Specify the value of the service type. If you specify the type, the value is present in the type attribute of the <tt>Service</tt> element within the message to be sent. If the type is empty, the value of the <tt>Service</tt> element must be a URI.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.actions`

Read-Only:

- `capability` (String) Specifies the type of this action binding.
- `name` (String) Specifies an ID for naming the action
- `receiver_setting` (String) Specifies the name of receiver setting to bind. A receiver setting defines the Message-receiving characteristics in Delivery Channels. It consists of document-exchange configurations and transport configurations.
- `sender_setting` (String) Specifies the name of sender setting to bind. A sender setting defines the Message-sending characteristics in Delivery Channels. It consists of document-exchange configurations and transport configurations.
- `value` (String) Specifies the value of Action. For outbound message, the value is used in the Action element of the ebXML Message Header. For inbound transaction, the Action value is used to identify the action binding for processing the incoming message within the Service.
