---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2b_cpa_sender_setting Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CPA sender setting
---

# datapower_b2b_cpa_sender_setting (Data Source)

CPA sender setting

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_b2b_cpa_sender_setting" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_B2BCPASenderSetting"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `ack_requested` (String) Request acknowledgment
- `ack_signature_requested` (String) Request signed acknowledgment
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `connection_timeout` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to maintain an idle connection. Enter a value in the range 3 - 7200. The default value is 300.
- `dest_endpoint_url` (String) Specify the destination URL for sending the message to the external party endpoint. For load distribution, use the name of the load-balancing group instead of the address-port pair in the URL.
- `duplicate_elimination` (String) For an outbound ebMS message, specify whether the internal sending party requests the external receiving party to check duplicate elimination. The request is made by presenting the <tt>DuplicateElimination</tt> element in the <tt>MessageHeader</tt> element in the ebMS SOAP header. <p>When imported from CPA, the <tt>duplicateElimination</tt> attribute on the internal party <tt>DeliveryChannel</tt> element in the <tt>MessagingCharacteristics</tt> element.</p>
- `enabled_doc_type` (Attributes) Enabled document types
  - CLI Alias: `enabled-doc-type` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--enabled_doc_type))
- `encrypt_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm
- `encrypt_cert` (String) Encryption certificate
- `encryption_required` (Boolean) Specify whether to encrypt outbound messages. Encryption does not apply to MSH level signals.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `include_time_to_live` (Boolean) Specify whether to include the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> element in the outbound messages. This element indicates when the message expires. The receiving partner can accept the message only when it has not expired.
- `max_retries` (Number) Specify the number of attempts to retransmit an unacknowledged message. Enter a value in the range 1 - 30. The default value is 3.
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
- `persist_duration` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to retain messages in persistent storage. This value is used to compute the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> value. Until the value of the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> element elapses, the message cannot be archived.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `retry` (Boolean) Retransmit unacknowledged messages
- `retry_interval` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds between retransmit attempts. Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400. The default value in 1800.
- `sign_digest_algorithm` (String) Signing digest algorithm
- `sign_id_cred` (String) Signature identification credentials
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Signature algorithm
- `signature_c14n_algorithm` (String) Signature canonicalization method
- `signature_required` (Boolean) Require signature
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `sync_reply_mode` (String) Sync reply mode
- `user_name` (String) Username
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--enabled_doc_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.enabled_doc_type`

Read-Only:

- `enable_binary` (Boolean) Binary
- `enable_edifact` (Boolean) EDIFACT
- `enable_x12` (Boolean) X12
- `enable_xml` (Boolean) XML
