---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2b_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2B partner profile
---

# datapower_b2b_profile (Data Source)

B2B partner profile

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_b2b_profile" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_B2BProfile"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `as_allow_duplicate_message` (String) Specify when to allow and reprocess duplicate AS inbound messages. The default behavior is never. This option does not apply to MDN.
- `business_id_duns` (List of String) Specify the 9-digit DUNS (Data Universal Numbering System) identification number for the partner. When configuring a trading partner, the identifier (ID) must be unique not only within the 3 types of ID System (Freeform, DUNS, and DUNS+4) but also within a specific B2B gateway.
- `business_id_duns4` (List of String) Specifies the 13-digit D-U-N-S (Data Universal Numbering System + 4) identification number for the partner. When configuring a trading partner, the identifier (ID) must be unique not only within the 3 types of ID System (Freeform, DUNS, and DUNS+4) but also within a specific B2B gateway.
- `business_ids` (List of String) Specify the identifier for the partners. When configuring a trading partner, its identifier (ID) must be unique within a specific B2B gateway. The identifiers are equivalent to one of the following values. <ul><li>In AS messages, a value for an <tt>AS*-From</tt> or <tt>AS*-To</tt> header, where * is 1, 2, or 3.</li><li>In ebMS messages, a value for an <tt>PartyID</tt> element, where the PartyID element can be under either From or To element.</li><li>In other messages, a value that is extracted from the body of the EDI message: <tt>SenderID</tt> or <tt>ReceiverID</tt> .</li></ul>
- `contacts` (Attributes List) Specify the contact information for partners. To define the contact information, you must provide information for at least one property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--contacts))
- `custom_style_policy` (String) Processing policy
- `destinations` (Attributes List) Specify the routing information for the partner. The first destination is the default destination. The gateway uses the default destination when no specific destination is assigned or when no matching destination is found. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--destinations))
- `ebms3_allow_duplicate_message` (String) Specify when to allow and reprocess duplicate ebMS3 inbound messages. The default behavior is never. This option does not apply to the receipt signal messages.
- `ebms3_default_signer_cert` (String) Specify the default validation certificate to verify the signature of an inbound ebMS3 message or a receipt. This certificate is used when the <tt>keyInfo</tt> element is missing or the signature method is unsupported.
- `ebms3_duplicate_detection_notification` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable duplicate detection notification. When enabled, send notification to the message consumer when a duplicate message is detected. The default behavior is disabled.
- `ebms3_inbound_decrypt_id_cred` (String) Inbound decryption identification credentials
- `ebms3_inbound_require_compressed` (Boolean) Specify whether internal partners require compressed inbound ebMS3 messages. The default behavior is not to require compression.
- `ebms3_inbound_require_encrypted` (Boolean) Specify whether inbound ebMS3 messages must be encrypted. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms3_inbound_require_signed` (Boolean) Specify whether inbound ebMS3 messages must be signed. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms3_inbound_verify_val_cred` (String) Inbound signature validation credentials
- `ebms3_outbound_sign` (Boolean) Specify whether to sign outbound messages. The default behavior is off. <ul><li>When enabled, signs outbound messages with the configured identification credentials and algorithm. If the configuration of a destination indicates to send messages unsigned, messages from this partner to that destination are not signed.</li><li>When disabled, does not sign outbound messages.</li></ul><p>This setting has no effect on outbound receipt signal messages. Regardless of this setting and whether an external partner requests a signed receipt signal, the outbound receipt signal is signed when this internal partner has a configured identification credentials.</p>
- `ebms3_outbound_sign_digest_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to hash the payload during signing. The default value is sha1. See http://www.w3.org/TR/xmldsig-core/
- `ebms3_outbound_sign_id_cred` (String) Specify the identification credentials to sign an outbound message or outbound receipt signal. The outbound receipt signal is signed if requested by a partner and this setting is configured.
- `ebms3_outbound_signature_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to sign outbound ebMS3 messages. The default value is dsa-sha1, which is recommended by the ebMS specification.
- `ebms3_outbound_signature_c14n_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to canonicalize the SOAP Envelope XML and exclude comments before signing outbound ebMS3 messages. The default value is exc-c14n, which is recommended by the ebMS specification.
- `ebms3_receipt_ssl_client` (String) Receipt/Error TLS client profile
- `ebms3_receipt_ssl_client_config_type` (String) Receipt/Error TLS client type
- `ebms_ack_ssl_client` (String) Acknowledgment/Error TLS client profile
- `ebms_ack_ssl_client_config_type` (String) Acknowledgment/Error TLS client type
- `ebms_ack_url` (String) Specify the redirection URL to send the acknowledgment message when received ebMS2 message requests an asynchronous response. When an asynchronous reply is requested by the inbound ebMS2 document, this field is required to determine where to send the acknowledgment.
- `ebms_action` (String) Specify the action to package in the outbound ebMS2 message header. This value is used when the B2B gateway is CPA-enforced.
- `ebms_allow_duplicate_message` (String) Specify when to allow and reprocess duplicate ebMS2 inbound messages. The default behavior is never. This option does not apply to acknowledgments.
- `ebms_cpa_id` (String) Specify the CPA ID to package in the outbound ebMS2 message header. This value is used when the B2B gateway is CPA-enforced.
- `ebms_default_signer_cert` (String) Specify the default validation certificate to verify the signature of an inbound ebMS2 message or an acknowledgment. The default signature validation certificate is used if either the <tt>keyInfo</tt> element is missing or signature method is unsupported.
- `ebms_enable_cpa_binding` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable CPA bindings. When enabled, the CPA, service, and action that are specified by the matched CPA binding are used for the outbound ebMS2 messages instead of the default CPA, service, and action of the external profile. The CPA binding is matched by the internal partner profile.
- `ebms_error_url` (String) Specify the redirection URL to send the error message when received ebMS2 message requests an asynchronous response. When an asynchronous reply is requested by the inbound ebMS2 document, this field is used as the error reporting location to send the error message that contains the error code and the description of the problem. Error URL cannot be empty when the acknowledgment URL is specified.
- `ebms_inbound_decrypt_id_cred` (String) Specify the identification credentials to decrypt inbound ebMS2 messages.
- `ebms_inbound_error_url` (String) When the error is sent asynchronously, specify the URL to send the error signal.
- `ebms_inbound_receipt_reply_pattern` (String) Specify the pattern to send the receipt signal. The default behavior is response.
- `ebms_inbound_require_encrypted` (Boolean) Specify whether inbound ebMS2 messages must be encrypted. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_inbound_require_signed` (Boolean) Specify whether inbound ebMS2 messages must be signed. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_inbound_send_receipt` (Boolean) Specify whether to reply to the MSH with a receipt signal message for the received ebMS messages. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_inbound_send_signed_receipt` (Boolean) Specify whether to reply to the MSH with a signed receipt signal message for the received ebMS3 message. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_inbound_verify_val_cred` (String) Specify the validation credentials to verify the signature on an acknowledgment or inbound ebMS2 message. For ebMS2 messages, only <tt>X509Data</tt> and <tt>KeyName</tt> signature methods are supported.
- `ebms_message_properties` (Attributes List) Specify the <tt>eb:Property</tt> elements to add to the <tt>eb:MessageProperties</tt> node. Define message properties to meet your business needs and the agreement between partners. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ebms_message_properties))
- `ebms_notification` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable notification. When enabled, send notifications to the message producer or consumer when there are specific errors. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_notification_ssl_client` (String) Notification TLS client profile
- `ebms_notification_ssl_client_config_type` (String) Notification TLS client type
- `ebms_notification_url` (String) Notification URL
- `ebms_outbound_sign` (Boolean) Specify whether to sign outbound messages. The default behavior is disabled. <ul><li>If enabled, signs outbound messages with the configured identification credentials and algorithm. If the configuration of a destination indicates to send messages unsigned, messages from this partner to that destination are not signed.</li><li>If disabled, does not sign outbound messages.</li></ul><p>This setting has no effect on outbound acknowledgment messages. Regardless of this setting and if a partner requests a signed acknowledgment, the outbound acknowledgment is signed if this partner has a configured identification credentials.</p>
- `ebms_outbound_sign_digest_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to hash the payload during signing. The default value is sha1. See http://www.w3.org/TR/xmldsig-core/
- `ebms_outbound_sign_id_cred` (String) Specify the identification credentials to sign an outbound message or acknowledgment. The outbound acknowledgment is signed if requested by a partner and this setting is configured. For ebMS2 messages, only <tt>X509Data</tt> and <tt>KeyName</tt> signature methods are supported.
- `ebms_outbound_signature_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to sign the outbound ebMS2 message. The default value is dsa-sha1, which is recommended by the ebMS specification.
- `ebms_outbound_signature_c14n_alg` (String) Specify the algorithm to canonicalize the SOAP Envelope XML and exclude comments before signing outbound ebMS2 message. The default value is c14n, which is recommended by the ebMS specification.
- `ebms_persist_duration` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to retain messages in persistent storage. This value is used to compute the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> value. Until the value of the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> element elapses, the message cannot be archived.
- `ebms_profile_cpa_bindings` (Attributes List) Specify the CPA binding for the external partner profile. A CPA binding binds a CPA entry (CPA, service, and action) that you prefer to use. When a CPA entry is matched through the internal partner profile, outbound messages from the internal partner use the CPA, service, and action that are specified by the matched CPA entry. You must have the CPA entry in the ebXML settings of the associated B2B gateway before you add the entry to the CPA bindings list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ebms_profile_cpa_bindings))
- `ebms_receipt_url` (String) When the receipt reply pattern is callback, specify the URL to send the receipt signal.
- `ebms_role` (String) Specify the name of authorized role of the party. When sending outbound message, the role associated with internal partner presents the <tt>From</tt> party and the role associated with external partner presents the <tt>To</tt> party. The value is referencing the <tt>Role</tt> specified in CPA. A <tt>Role</tt> is better defined as a URI, for example, http://rosettanet.org/roles/buyer.
- `ebms_service` (String) Specify the service to package in the outbound ebMS2 message header. This value is used when when the B2B gateway is CPA-enforced.
- `ebms_start_parameter` (Boolean) Specify whether to generate a start parameter for the ebMS2 message. The start parameter identifies the root part of the ebMS message. This setting is disabled by default. If enabled, the start parameter is generated with this value enclosed in angle brackets.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) Specify the identifier (e-mail address) for the partner. When configuring a partner, their email address must be unique within a specific B2B gateway configuration. The email addresses for the partner must be equivalent to one of the following values. <ul><li>In AS1 messages, a value for a <tt>From</tt> or <tt>To</tt> header</li><li>In non-AS1 messages, a value that is extracted from the body of the EDI message - <tt>SenderID</tt> or <tt>ReceiverID</tt> .</li></ul>
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `inbound_decrypt_id_cred` (String) Inbound decryption identification credentials
- `inbound_require_encrypted` (Boolean) Specify whether inbound AS messages must be encrypted. The default behavior is off.
- `inbound_require_signed` (Boolean) Specify whether inbound AS messages must be signed. The default behavior is off.
- `inbound_verify_val_cred` (String) Inbound signature validation credentials
- `mdn_ssl_client` (String) MDN TLS client profile
- `mdn_ssl_client_config_type` (String) MDN TLS client type
- `outbound_sign` (Boolean) Specify whether to sign outbound messages. The default behavior is off. <ul><li>If enabled, sign outbound messages with the configured identification credentials and algorithm. If the destination indicates to send messages unsigned, messages from this partner to that destination are not signed.</li><li>If disabled, does not sign outbound messages.</li></ul><p>This setting has no effect on outbound MDN messages. Regardless of this setting and if a partner requests a signed MDN, the outbound MDN is signed if this partner has a configured identification credentials.</p>
- `outbound_sign_digest_alg` (String) Signing digest algorithm
- `outbound_sign_id_cred` (String) Specify the identification credentials to sign an outbound message or outbound MDN. The outbound MDN is signed if requested by a partner and this setting is configured.
- `outbound_sign_mic_alg_version` (String) Specify the S/MIME specification version to generate the micalg parameter value in a multipart/signed message. The following value is a sample <tt>Content-Type</tt> header of the multipart/signed message. <p><tt>Content-Type: multipart/signed;protocol="application/pkcs7-signature";micalg=sha1; boundary=...</tt></p><p>The micalg parameter indicates which message digest algorithm (such as, MD5, SHA-1, SHA-256, SHA-384, and SHA-512) to use in the calculation of the Message Integrity Check (MIC). The formats of the micalg value differ between S/MIME Version 3.1 (RFC 3851) and Version 3.2 (RFC 5751).</p><ul><li>In Version 3.1, the micalg parameter value has micalg=[md5|sha1|sha256|sha384|sha512].</li><li>In Version 3.2, the micalg parameter value has micalg=[md5|sha-1|sha-256|sha-384|sha-512].</li></ul>
- `override_asid` (String) Specify the override the identifiers in AS message headers. <ul><li>For outbound messages, the value to use for the <tt>AS*-From</tt> or <tt>AS*-To</tt> header, where * is 1, 2, or 3. If blank, the transaction retains the identifiers that were extracted from the message payload.</li><li>For inbound messages, the value becomes another valid identifier for the partner in addition to those already defined for the partner.</li></ul>
- `preserve_filename` (Boolean) Specify whether to expose the <tt>Content-Disposition</tt> header of inbound AS messages for file name preservation. According to RFC 2183, the file name information is optional in <tt>Content-Disposition</tt> header. When enabled, the <tt>Content-Disposition</tt> header of the inbound AS message is exposed if the inbound AS message is in S/MIME format. Then, the receiving partner can retrieve the original file name that is contained in the header and transfer the received file to its backend system with the received file name.
- `profile_type` (String) Specify whether the profile is for an internal or external partner. The default value is internal.
- `response_type` (String) Characterize the traffic that originates from <tt>To</tt> partners. For inbound transaction, this is the traffic type that originates from internal partner. For outbound transaction, this is the traffic type that originates from external partner. The default value is Non-XML.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--contacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.contacts`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Specify the email address to contact the person.
- `family_name` (String) Specify the family name of the person to contact. A family name is the surname borne by family members.
- `given_name` (String) Specify the given name of the person to contact. A given name is the name used to identify an individual within a family.
- `phone` (String) Specify the telephone number to contact the person.
- `title` (String) Specify the title of the person to contact.


<a id="nestedatt--result--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.destinations`

Read-Only:

- `ack_time` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to wait for the acknowledgment before a message is retransmitted. Enter a value in the range 1 - 3600. The default value is 1800.
- `as1_mdn_redirect_email` (String) Specify the redirection email address for the MDN to outbound AS1 messages. The partner that receives the outbound AS1 message sends the MDN to this email address. When blank, the redirection email in the <tt>From</tt> address of the outgoing message (the default email address of the sending internal partner).
- `as2_mdn_redirect_url` (String) Specify the redirection URL for the MDN to outbound AS2 messages.
- `as3_mdn_redirect_url` (String) Specify the redirection URL for the MDN to outbound AS3 messages.
- `as_compress` (Boolean) Specify whether to compress the body of outbound AS messages. The default behavior is disabled.
- `as_compress_before_sign` (Boolean) Specify whether to compress the body of outbound AS messages before signing. The default behavior is disabled. <ul><li>If enabled, compress the message body before signing.</li><li>If disabled, sign the message before compressing the message body.</li></ul>
- `as_encrypt` (Boolean) Specify whether to encrypt the body of outgoing AS messages. The default behavior is disabled.
- `as_encrypt_alg` (String) Specify the symmetric encryption algorithm to encrypt outbound AS messages.
- `as_encrypt_cert` (String) Specify the certificate to encrypt outbound AS messages. Use the name of a certificate.
- `as_mdn_request` (Boolean) Specify whether to request an MDN for outbound AS messages. The default behavior is disabled.
- `as_mdn_request_async` (Boolean) Specify whether the MDN request for outbound AS messages is asynchronous. The default behavior is disabled. <ul><li>If enabled, the MDN request is asynchronous</li><li>If disabled, the MDN request is synchronous</li></ul>
- `as_mdn_request_signed` (Boolean) Specify whether to request a signed MDN instead of an unsigned one. The default behavior is an unsigned one.
- `as_mdn_request_signed_algs` (String) Specify the digest algorithms to request for a signed MDN. The value can be a single algorithm or any combination of algorithms that are separated by a comma. For example, <tt>md5,sha256</tt> . The default value is <tt>sha1,md5</tt> .
- `as_send_unsigned` (Boolean) Specify whether to override the signing of messages to this destination. Whether to sign outbound message is part of the configuration of the internal partner. This property cannot be used to cause a message to be signed. The default behavior is off. <ul><li>If enabled, never sign messages.</li><li>If disabled, sign messages when the sender has signing credentials.</li></ul>
- `auth_tls` (String) Specify the use of TLS to secure connections with the FTP <tt>AUTH TLS</tt> command.
- `binary_transfer_mode` (String) Specify whether to transfer the message payload in binary mode.
- `data_type` (String) Specify the data type of file transfers.
- `dest_name` (String) Specify the name to identify this destination in the profile.
- `dest_url` (String) Specify the URL for the destination. The URL is parsed to determine the protocol. For load distribution, specify the name of the load balancer instead of the address-port pair. <ul><li>If the URL starts with as1:// or dpsmtp://, the service uses the ESMTP protocol. These protocols require an SMTP server connection and email address. Specify the URL in one of the following formats. <ul><li><tt>as1://mailExchange[:port][/queryParameters]</tt></li><li><tt>dpsmtp://mailExchange[:port][/queryParameters]</tt></li></ul></li><li>If the URL starts with as2://, ebms2://, ebms3://, or http://, the service uses the HTTP protocol. Specify the URL in the <tt>hostname:port/uri</tt> format.</li><li>If the URL starts with as2s://, ebms2s://, ebms3s://, or https://, the service uses the HTTPS protocol. Specify the URL in the <tt>hostname:port/uri</tt> format.</li><li>If the URL starts with as3:// or ftp://, the service uses the FTP protocol. <ul><li>For an absolute path to the root directory, specify the URL in the <tt>ftp://user:password@host/%2Fpath</tt> format. %2F is the URL encoding of a forward slash.</li><li>For a relative path to the login directory of the user, specify the URL in the <tt>ftp://user:password@host:port/path</tt> format.</li></ul></li><li>If the URL starts with sftp://, the service uses the SSH FTP protocol. <ul><li>For an absolute path to the root directory, specify the URL in the <tt>sftp://host:port/path</tt> format.</li><li>For a relative path to the login directory of the user, specify the URL in the <tt>sftp://host:port/~/path</tt> format.</li></ul></li><li>If the URL starts with dpnfs://, the service uses the NFS protocol. <ul><li>For static mounts, specify the URL in the <tt>dpnfs://MountName</tt> format, where <tt>MountName</tt> is the name of an NFS mount.</li><li>For dynamic mounts, specify the URL in the <tt>dpnfs://host</tt> or <tt>dpnfs://host/path</tt> format.</li></ul></li><li>If the URL starts with dpims:// or dpimsssl://, the service uses the IMS protocol. Specify the URL in one of the following formats. <ul><li><tt>dpims://ConnectObject/?parameters</tt></li><li><tt>dpimsssl://ConnectObject/?parameters</tt></li></ul></li><li>If the URL starts with dpmq://, the service uses the IBM MQ protocol. The queue manager must exist in current domain. <ul><li>To send a message, specify the URL in the <tt>dpmq://QueueManager/URI?RequestQueue=requestQueue;queryParameters</tt> format.</li><li>To retrieve a message, specify the URL in the <tt>dpmq://QueueManager/URI?ReplyQueue=replyQueue;queryParameters</tt> format.</li></ul><p>If the URL starts with mq://, the protocol is for dynamic routing.</p></li><li>If the URL starts with dpmqfte://, the service uses the IBM MQ FTE protocol. The queue manager must exist in current domain. <ul><li>To send a message, specify the URL in the <tt>dpmqfte://QueueManager/?RequestQueue=request_queue_name;queryParameters</tt> format.</li><li>To retrieve a message, specify the URL in the <tt>dpmqfte://QueueManager/?ReplyQueue=reply_queue_name;queryParameters</tt> format.</li></ul><p>If the URL starts with mqfte://, the protocol is for dynamic routing.</p></li><li>If the URL starts with dptibems://, the service uses the TIBCO EMS protocol. The server must exist. <ul><li>To send a message, specify the URL in the <tt>dptibems://Server/?RequestQueue=queue;RequestReply=queue;query-parameters</tt> format.</li><li>To retrieve a message, specify the URL in the <tt>dptibems://Server/?ReplyQueue=queue;query-parameters</tt> format.</li></ul><p>If the URL starts with tibems://, the protocol is for dynamic routing.</p></li><li>If the URL starts with dpwasjms://, the service uses the WebSphere JMS protocol. The server must exist. <ul><li>To send a message to a request queue, specify the URL in the <tt>dpwasjms://Server/?RequestQueue=queue;RequestReply=queue;query-parameters</tt> format.</li><li>To send a message to a request topic space, specify the URL in the <tt>dpwasjms://Server/?RequestTopicSpace=topic-space;RequestReply=queue;query-parameters</tt> format.</li><li>To retrieve a message from a reply queue, specify the URL in the <tt>dpwasjms://Server/?ReplyQueue=queue;query-parameters</tt> format.</li><li>To retrieve a message from a reply topic space, specify the URL in the <tt>dpwasjms://Server/?ReplyTopicSpace=topic-space;query-parameters</tt> format.</li></ul></li></ul>
- `ebms_ack_request` (Boolean) Specify whether to request an acknowledgment for outbound ebMS2 messages. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_ack_request_signed` (Boolean) Specify whether to request a signed acknowledgment. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_action` (String) Specify the value of action element in outbound ebMS2 request. For example, <tt>NewPurchaseOrder</tt> . This value is used when the B2B gateway is not CPA-enforced.
- `ebms_agreement_ref` (String) Specify the reference to the agreement that governs this message exchange. This value maps to <tt>eb:AgreementRef</tt> in the message header.
- `ebms_compress` (Boolean) Specify whether to compress the body of outbound ebMS messages. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_cpa_id` (String) Specify the CPA ID in the message that is sent to the destination partner. You can use the value to identify the sender and the recipient. This value is used when the B2B gateway is not CPA-enforced.
- `ebms_duplicate_elimination_request` (Boolean) Specify whether to request that the receiving partner checks for duplicates of outbound messages. If enabled, the receiving business partner should ignore duplicate message received. The default behavior is on.
- `ebms_encrypt` (Boolean) Specify whether to encrypt the body of outgoing ebMS messages.
- `ebms_encrypt_alg` (String) Specify the encryption algorithm to encrypt outbound ebMS2 messages.
- `ebms_encrypt_cert` (String) Specify the certificate to encrypt outbound messages.
- `ebms_include_time_to_live` (Boolean) Specify whether the sending partner includes the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> element in the outbound ebMS2 message header. The <tt>TimeToLive</tt> element indicates when the message expires. <ul><li>If the receiving partner receives the message before it expires, the receiving partner accepts the message.</li><li>If the receiving partner receives the message after it expires, the receiving partner rejects the message.</li></ul>
- `ebms_key_encrypt_alg` (String) Specify the ebMS3 asymmetric key transport algorithm to encrypt outbound ebMS3 messages. By default, encrypts with RSA Version 1.5.
- `ebms_max_retries` (Number) Specify the number of retransmit attempts. Enter a value in the range 1 - 30. The default value is 3.
- `ebms_message_exchange_pattern` (String) Specify the message exchange pattern (MEP) to use. The MEP defines how a business partner exchanges messages with another business partner. The default value is one-way push.
- `ebms_message_partition_channel` (String) When the MEP is one-way pull, specify the message partition channel (MPC) to pull messages. In the one-way pull mode, a message remains in MPC storage until the B2B gateway receives an authenticated and authorized pull request.
- `ebms_mpc_auth_method` (String) Specify how the MPC authenticates the incoming pull requests. By default, the MPC authenticates requests through username token.
- `ebms_mpc_verify_val_cred` (String) When the MPC authentication method is validation credentials, specify the certificate to associate with messages that are submitted to the MPC.
- `ebms_outbound_receipt_reply_pattern` (String) Specifies the pattern to send the receipt signal. The default behavior is response.
- `ebms_outbound_reception_awareness_notification` (Boolean) Specify whether to send a reception awareness error notification to the ebMS3 message producer. The default behavior is off. The B2B gateway reports a reception awareness error to the message producer if the receipt signal message is not received for a sent message.
- `ebms_outbound_reception_awareness_timeout` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to wait for the receipt signal. Enter a value in the range 3 - 7200. The default value is 300. If the B2B gateway does not receive the receipt signal after this duration, the B2B gateway sends a reception awareness error notification to the message producer.
- `ebms_outbound_request_receipt` (Boolean) Specify whether to request a receipt signal for a sent ebMS3 message. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_outbound_request_signed_receipt` (Boolean) Specify whether to request a signed receipt. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_p_mode` (String) Specify the PMode identifier for the convenience of PMode management. When specified, the <tt>AgreementRef/@pmode</tt> attribute value is expected in associated messages.
- `ebms_retry` (Boolean) Specify whether to retransmit unacknowledged outbound messages. The default behavior is off.
- `ebms_retry_interval` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds between retry attempts. Enter a value in the range 1 - 3600. This default value is 1800.
- `ebms_send_unsigned` (Boolean) Controls whether to override the signing of messages to this destination. Whether to sign outbound message is part of the configuration of the internal partner. This property cannot be used to cause a message to be signed. The default behavior is off. <ul><li>If enabled, never sign messages.</li><li>If disabled, sign messages only if the sender has signing credentials.</li></ul>
- `ebms_service` (String) Specify the value of service element in outbound ebMS2 request that acts on the message. For example, <tt>urn:services:SupplierOrderProcessing</tt> . This value is used when the B2B gateway is not CPA-enforced. The value can be a string or a URI. If a non-URI string is specified, you must specify the value of <b>Service Type</b>.
- `ebms_service_type` (String) Specify the value of the type attribute in the ebMS SOAP message. When blank, ensure that the service value is a URI.
- `ebms_soap_body` (Boolean) When compression is not enabled, specify whether to send messages in the SOAP <tt>Body</tt> .
- `ebms_sync_reply_mode` (String) Specify whether the response/acknowledgment is synchronous or asynchronous. The syncReplyMode parameter indicates to the receiving partner whether to return the business response or acknowledgment in the same connection. None means asynchronous.
- `email_address` (String) Specify the destination email address for messages sent to this partner.
- `enable_ftp_settings` (Boolean) Specify whether to override the FTP client policy. This policy is defined in user agent of the XML manager for the B2B gateway. <ul><li>When enabled, define the overrides with the advanced AS3 or FTP settings.</li><li>When disabled, uses the original FTP client policy.</li></ul>
- `enabled_doc_type` (Attributes) Specify the document types to support.
  - CLI Alias: `enabled-doc-type` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--destinations--enabled_doc_type))
- `encrypt_data` (String) Specify the encryption of file transfers with the FTP <tt>PROT P</tt> command.
- `max_resends` (Number) Specify the number of attempts to retransmit a message. Enter a value in the range 1 - 30. The default value is 3.
- `override_timeout` (Number) Specify the duration to maintain an idle connection in seconds. Enter a value in the range 3 - 7200. The default value is 300.
- `passive` (String) Specify the use of FTP passive mode with the FTP <tt>PASV</tt> command.
- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias to override in the basic authentication policy of the user agent.
- `quoted_commands` (String) Specify the FTP quoted commands list that defines the command to send to the FTP server. before each <tt>STOU</tt> , <tt>STOR</tt> , or <tt>RETR</tt> command. The commands in the list cannot be data-transfer related commands.
- `retransmit` (Boolean) Specify whether to retransmit messages. The default behavior is off.
- `size_check` (String) Specify whether to check the size of file after transfer with the FTP <tt>SIZE</tt> command. Some FTP servers, particularly vsftpd in the default configuration, provide inaccurate responses for files transferred in ASCII mode. If you get such errors, disable this feature or reconfigure vsftpd.
- `slash_stou` (String) Specify how to manage unique files when the name contains a trailing slash with either the FTP <tt>STOU</tt> or <tt>STOR</tt> command. Some FTP servers do not support the <tt>STOU</tt> command.
- `smtp_server_connection` (String) Specify the SMTP server connection to send email messages. By default, the gateway uses the default SMTP server connection.
- `ssh_client_connection` (String) Specify the SSH profile for SSH client connections and authentication.
- `ssl_client` (String) Specify the TLS client profile to secure connections with targets.
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) Specify the type of TLS profile type to secure connections with targets.
- `use_ccc` (String) Specify the use of command encryption after authentication with the FTP <tt>CCC</tt> command.
- `use_unique_filenames` (Boolean) Specify whether to generate a unique file name for puts to a remote directory.
- `user_name` (String) Specify the username to override in the basic authentication policy of the user agent.
- `user_name_token` (String) For ebMS3, the WS-Security UsernameToken authorizes received messages. Enter the username for the wsse:UsernameToken element to package in the SOAP header of the message to send. <ul><li>For one-way push exchange pattern, specify the username token to package in messages to send.</li><li>For one-way pull exchange pattern outbound messages, when the MPC authentication method is username token, specify the username to store messages in the MPC.</li><li>For one-way pull exchange pattern inbound messages, specify the username token to package in pull requests.</li></ul>
- `user_name_token_password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias of the username for the wsse:UsernameToken element.

<a id="nestedatt--result--destinations--enabled_doc_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.destinations.enabled_doc_type`

Read-Only:

- `enable_binary` (Boolean) Binary
- `enable_edifact` (Boolean) EDIFACT
- `enable_x12` (Boolean) X12
- `enable_xml` (Boolean) XML



<a id="nestedatt--result--ebms_message_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ebms_message_properties`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Specify the name of the eb:Property element that is agreed upon between the partners.
- `type` (String) Specify the type of the eb:Property element for conflict resolution between message properties with the same name.
- `value` (String) Specify the value of the eb:Property element.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ebms_profile_cpa_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ebms_profile_cpa_bindings`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Specify the action to use. This value overrides the default action of the external partner profile configuration. When the action is not set or the action is not defined in the service of the CPA binding, the B2B gateway uses the first action in the action list of the service.
- `collaboration` (String) Specify the service to use, which is the value of <tt>Service</tt> element in outbound ebMS2 requests. This value overrides the default service of the external partner profile configuration.
- `cpa` (String) Specify the CPA ID to use. This value overrides the default CPA ID of the external partner profile configuration.
- `internal_partner` (String) Specify the name of the CPA sender (internal partner profile). Outbound ebMS2 messages from an internal partner use the CPA, service, and action that are specified by the CPA binding associated with the internal partner profile.
