---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2b_cpa_receiver_setting Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CPA receiver setting
---

# datapower_b2b_cpa_receiver_setting (Data Source)

CPA receiver setting

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_b2b_cpa_receiver_setting" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_B2BCPAReceiverSetting"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `ack_requested` (String) Expect acknowledgment requests
- `ack_signature_requested` (String) Expect signed acknowledgment requests
- `allow_duplicate_message` (String) Allow duplicate messages
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `decrypt_id_cred` (String) Decryption identification credentials
- `default_signer_cert` (String) Specify the default certificate to verify the signature. This certificate is used when either the <tt>keyInfo</tt> element is missing or the signature method is not supported.
- `encryption_required` (Boolean) Require encryption
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_endpoint_uri` (String) Local URI
- `persist_duration` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to retain messages in persistent storage. This value is used to compute the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> value. Until the value of the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> element elapses, the message cannot be archived.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `signature_required` (Boolean) Require signature
- `sync_reply_mode` (String) Sync reply mode
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `verify_val_cred` (String) Signature validation credentials

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
