docs/data-sources/conformancepolicy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_conformancepolicy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Conformance Policy
---

# datapower_conformancepolicy (Data Source)

Conformance Policy

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_conformancepolicy" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_conformancepolicy.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `assert_bp10_conformance` (Boolean) BP1.0 Conformance Claim Assertion
- `fixup_stylesheets` (List of String) Corrective Stylesheets
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ignored_requirements` (List of String) Ignored Requirements
- `log_target` (String) Destination
- `profiles` (Attributes) Profiles
  - CLI Alias: `profiles` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--profiles))
- `reject_include_summary` (Boolean) Include error summary
- `reject_level` (String) Reject non-conforming messages
- `report_level` (String) Record Report
- `response_log_target` (String) Destination
- `response_properties_enabled` (Boolean) Distinct response behavior
- `response_reject_include_summary` (Boolean) Include response error summary
- `response_reject_level` (String) Reject non-conforming response messages
- `response_report_level` (String) Record Report (response direction)
- `result_is_conformance_report` (Boolean) Use analysis as result
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.profiles`

Read-Only:

- `ap10` (Boolean) WS-I AP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `bp10` (Boolean) WS-I BP 1.0
  - Default value: `false`
- `bp11` (Boolean) WS-I BP 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `bsp10` (Boolean) WS-I BSP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/conformancepolicy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_conformancepolicy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Conformance Policy
---

# datapower_conformancepolicy (Data Source)

Conformance Policy

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_conformancepolicy" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_conformancepolicy.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `assert_bp10_conformance` (Boolean) BP1.0 Conformance Claim Assertion
- `fixup_stylesheets` (List of String) Corrective Stylesheets
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ignored_requirements` (List of String) Ignored Requirements
- `log_target` (String) Destination
- `profiles` (Attributes) Profiles
  - CLI Alias: `profiles` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--profiles))
- `reject_include_summary` (Boolean) Include error summary
- `reject_level` (String) Reject non-conforming messages
- `report_level` (String) Record Report
- `response_log_target` (String) Destination
- `response_properties_enabled` (Boolean) Distinct response behavior
- `response_reject_include_summary` (Boolean) Include response error summary
- `response_reject_level` (String) Reject non-conforming response messages
- `response_report_level` (String) Record Report (response direction)
- `result_is_conformance_report` (Boolean) Use analysis as result
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.profiles`

Read-Only:

- `ap10` (Boolean) WS-I AP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `bp10` (Boolean) WS-I BP 1.0
  - Default value: `false`
- `bp11` (Boolean) WS-I BP 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `bsp10` (Boolean) WS-I BSP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`
