---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_control_list Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_control_list (Data Source)

<p>A control list uses a value-matching pattern to determine whether values are on the allowlist or blocklist.</p><p>The value-matching pattern is defined by a PCRE. When you define the control list, you can indicates whether evaluation is case-sensitive or case-insensitive.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_control_list" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_ControlList"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `case_insensitive` (Boolean) Indicates whether the specified values are case-sensitive or case-insensitive.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `type` (String) Specifies whether values are accepted or rejected.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
- `value` (List of String) <p>Specifies the PCRE to evaluate values.</p><ul><li>An entry of <tt>^foo</tt> indicates a match against only values that start with <tt>foo</tt> .</li><li>An empty list indicates no match against any value.</li><li>A list with only <tt>.*</tt> indicates a match against all values.</li></ul>
