---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_cors_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A CORS rule defines allowed origins and other CORS properties.
---

# datapower_cors_rule (Data Source)

A CORS rule defines allowed origins and other CORS properties.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_cors_rule" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_CORSRule"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `allow_credentials` (Boolean) Specify whether the CORS request returns the <tt>Access-Control-Allow-Credentials</tt> response header. By default, this header is not returned in response to a CORS request. When enabled, the CORS request returns this header with a value of <tt>true</tt> .
- `allow_origin` (List of String) Specify the accepted values for the <tt>Origin</tt> request header for cross-origin requests. This rule does not apply to a CORS request when the value for the <tt>Origin</tt> header does not match any value in the list.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `expose_headers` (Attributes) Specify the values to append to the value of the <tt>Access-Control-Expose-Headers</tt> response header. When undefined, appends the gateway-predefined value.
  - CLI Alias: `expose-headers` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--expose_headers))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--expose_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.expose_headers`

Read-Only:

- `backend` (Boolean) Append the value in the response from the target endpoint.
- `custom` (String) Append a custom string as the value.
- `predefined` (Boolean) Append the gateway-predefined value.
