---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crl_fetch Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CRL Retrieval (default domain only)
---

# datapower_crl_fetch (Data Source)

CRL Retrieval (`default` domain only)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_crl_fetch" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `crl_fetch_config` (Attributes List) Define the configuration of an HTTP-enabled or an LDAP-enabled CRL (Certificate Revocation List) update policy. When HTTP, specify the Fetch URL. When LDAP, specify the LDAP bind information. For both, specify the validation credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--crl_fetch_config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>

<a id="nestedatt--crl_fetch_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `crl_fetch_config`

Read-Only:

- `bind_dn` (String) A string containing the DN to login to the LDAP server.
- `bind_pass_alias` (String) A string containing the password alias of the password to login to the LDAP server.
- `dn` (String) A string containing the DN of the CA that issued the target CRL.
- `fetch_type` (String) Select the protocol to obtain the CRL from the authority.
- `issuer_valcred` (String) The validation credentials to verify the authenticity of the CRL issuer and, therefor, the CRL. The certificate that the CRL issuer uses must be in the validation credentials for the CRL to be valid.
- `ldap_read_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for a response from the LDAP server before the DataPower Gateway closes the LDAP connection. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 60. A value of 0 indicates that the connection never times out.
- `ldap_version` (String) The LDAP server version.
- `name` (String) Enter the name of the CRL retrieval policy.
- `refresh_interval` (Number) The interval in minutes between CRL updates. Enter a value in the range 1 - 1440. The default value is 240.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the LDAP server to obtain the CRL.
- `remote_port` (Number) The remote LDAP port. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 389. For LDAP over TLS, the standard port is 636.
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
- `url` (String) A URL that specifies the location of the CRL.
