docs/data-sources/crypto_kerberos_keytab.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_kerberos_keytab Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kerberos Keytab
---

# datapower_crypto_kerberos_keytab (Data Source)

Kerberos Keytab

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_crypto_kerberos_keytab" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_CryptoKerberosKeytab"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `filename` (String) <p>The file containing the Kerberos keytab. You can access the keytab file in the cert: or local: directory.</p><p><b>Attention:</b> Any file in the local: directory can be downloaded or included in an export. Therefore, consider carefully before you store cryptographic files in this directory.</p>
- `generate_gss_checksum` (Boolean) Whether to generate a GSS-API checksum when generating AP-REQ tokens with this keytab.
- `gss_checksum_flags` (Attributes) Which flags to set in GSS-API checksums when generating AP-REQ tokens with this keytab. Refer to RFC 4121 for the flag definitions.
  - CLI Alias: `gss-checksum-flags` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--gss_checksum_flags))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `use_replay_cache` (Boolean) Whether to cache authenticator values from AP-REQ tokens that were verified with this keytab. Caching prevents replay attacks.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--gss_checksum_flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.gss_checksum_flags`

Read-Only:

- `conf` (Boolean) CONF
- `integ` (Boolean) INTEG
- `replay` (Boolean) REPLAY
- `sequence` (Boolean) SEQUENCE

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/crypto_kerberos_keytab.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_kerberos_keytab Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kerberos Keytab
---

# datapower_crypto_kerberos_keytab (Data Source)

Kerberos Keytab

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_crypto_kerberos_keytab" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_CryptoKerberosKeytab"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `filename` (String) <p>The file containing the Kerberos keytab. You can access the keytab file in the cert: or local: directory.</p><p><b>Attention:</b> Any file in the local: directory can be downloaded or included in an export. Therefore, consider carefully before you store cryptographic files in this directory.</p>
- `generate_gss_checksum` (Boolean) Whether to generate a GSS-API checksum when generating AP-REQ tokens with this keytab.
- `gss_checksum_flags` (Attributes) Which flags to set in GSS-API checksums when generating AP-REQ tokens with this keytab. Refer to RFC 4121 for the flag definitions.
  - CLI Alias: `gss-checksum-flags` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--gss_checksum_flags))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `use_replay_cache` (Boolean) Whether to cache authenticator values from AP-REQ tokens that were verified with this keytab. Caching prevents replay attacks.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--gss_checksum_flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.gss_checksum_flags`

Read-Only:

- `conf` (Boolean) CONF
- `integ` (Boolean) INTEG
- `replay` (Boolean) REPLAY
- `sequence` (Boolean) SEQUENCE
