---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_key Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A private key provides an added layer of security by supplying an indirect reference to a file that contains a private key.
---

# datapower_crypto_key (Data Source)

A private key provides an added layer of security by supplying an indirect reference to a file that contains a private key.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_crypto_key" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) Password alias
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `filename` (String) Specify the file that contains the private key. The name might be the same as the file that contains the public key. <ul><li>When in the public crypto area, the file is in the <tt>pubcert:</tt> directory.</li><li>When in the private crypto area, the file is in the <tt>cert:</tt> directory.</li><li>When in the public area, the file is in the <tt>local:</tt> directory. <p><b>Attention:</b> Any file in the <tt>local:</tt> directory can be downloaded or included in an export. Therefore, consider carefully before you store crypto files in this directory.</p></li><li>When retrieved from z/OS, the file is in the <tt>saf-key:</tt> directory. The key must be a SAF key that is stored in ICSF.</li><li>When on z/OS, the file is in the <tt>saf-remote-key:</tt> directory. The key must be a SAF key that is stored in ICSF.</li><li>When on SafeNet Luna HSM, the file is in a partition of the <tt>luna-key:</tt> directory.</li></ul>
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
