---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_sskey Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A shared secret key is a sequence of characters that is pre-shared between users for use with symmetric encryption.
---

# datapower_crypto_sskey (Data Source)

A shared secret key is a sequence of characters that is pre-shared between users for use with symmetric encryption.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_crypto_sskey" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `filename` (String) Specify the file that contains the shared secret key. If the file begins with <tt>0x</tt> , processing assumes that the rest of the file contains bytes in hex. You can access the file in the <tt>cert:</tt> or <tt>local:</tt> directory. <p><b>Attention:</b> Any file in the <tt>local:</tt> directory can be downloaded or included in an export. Therefore, consider whether to store crypto files in this directory.</p>
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
