---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_kerberos_kdc Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kerberos KDC Server
---

# datapower_crypto_kerberos_kdc (Data Source)

Kerberos KDC Server

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_crypto_kerberos_kdc" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cache_tickets` (Boolean) Specify whether to cache Kerberos service tickets when generating AP-REQ tokens in this realm.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `max_cached_tickets` (Number) Specify the maximum number of Kerberos service tickets per owner principal to cache in this realm.
- `min_cached_ticket_validity` (Number) Specify the minimum amount of validity time in seconds that must remain on a Kerberos service ticket for it to be reused from the ticket cache.
- `realm` (String) The name of the Kerberos realm that the KDC is serving.
- `server` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the remote Kerberos KDC server. Click Ping verify network connectivity.
- `server_port` (Number) Specify the UDP or TCP listening port on the Kerberos KDC server. Use a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 88.
- `udp_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for a UDP response from the KDC before declaring failure.
- `use_tcp` (Boolean) Select to control whether to contact the Kerberos KDC server with UDP (the default, off) or TCP (on).
- `user_summary` (String) Enter a brief, descriptive comment.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
