---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_fw_cred Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The set of crypto credentials (private keys, shared secret keys, and certificates) that are usable by an XML firewall when calling security extension functions to perform actions such as encryption, decryption, digital signing, and verification. If a firewall uses firewall credentials and a particular certificate or key is not included in this list, the crypto operation attempting to use the key or certificate fails.
---

# datapower_crypto_fw_cred (Data Source)

The set of crypto credentials (private keys, shared secret keys, and certificates) that are usable by an XML firewall when calling security extension functions to perform actions such as encryption, decryption, digital signing, and verification. If a firewall uses firewall credentials and a particular certificate or key is not included in this list, the crypto operation attempting to use the key or certificate fails.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_crypto_fw_cred" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_CryptoFWCred"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `certificate` (List of String) Certificate
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `private_key` (List of String) Private key
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `shared_secret_key` (List of String) Shared secret key

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
