---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_dns_name_service Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure the DNS client with the DNS servers to contact to resolve hostnames to IP addresses.
---

# datapower_dns_name_service (Data Source)

Configure the DNS client with the DNS servers to contact to resolve hostnames to IP addresses.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_dns_name_service" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `force_ip_preference` (Boolean) Specify whether to restrict DNS queries to the preferred IP version to resolve hostnames. You want to force the IP preference except when both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses are in use. When not forced, the device resolves each hostname by querying A and AAAA records and waiting for both responses or a timeout. Waiting for the response or timeout for both records can introduce unnecessary latency in DNS resolution.
- `ip_preference` (String) Specify the preferred IP version to resolve hostnames. When a hostname resolves to both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, this setting determines which version to use.
- `load_balance_algorithm` (String) Specify the load distribution algorithm to resolve hostnames. The default algorithm is first-alive.
- `max_retries` (Number) For the first alive algorithm, specify the maximum number of resolution attempts to send a query to the list of name servers before an error is returned. By default, an unacknowledged resolution request is attempted 3 times.
- `name_servers` (Attributes List) Specify the list of DNS servers to contact to resolve hostnames. If you define multiple servers, ensure that the sequence to contact the servers is your preferred order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_servers))
- `search_domains` (Attributes List) Specify the list of search domains to resolve partial hostnames. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_domains))
- `static_hosts` (Attributes List) Specify the static map of hostnames to IP addresses that do not use DNS resolution. Because the local resolver uses a cache, static hosts do not improve performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_hosts))
- `timeout` (Number) For the first alive algorithm, specify the duration in seconds that the resolver waits for a response from a DNS server. After expiry, the resolver attempts the query to a different DNS server. The default value is 5.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--name_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_servers`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) Specify the IP address of DNS server.
- `max_retries` (Number) Specify the maximum number of times to send a query to the DNS server. By default, an unacknowledged resolution request is attempted 3 times. This setting is ignored with the first alive load balancing algorithm. For the first alive algorithm, define this behavior at the DNS settings level rather than the individual server level.
- `tcp_port` (Number) Specify the TCP port that the DNS server monitors. The default value is 53. This setting is ignored with the first alive load balancing algorithm.
- `udp_port` (Number) Specify the UDP port that the DNS server monitors. The default value is 53. This setting is ignored with the first alive load balancing algorithm.


<a id="nestedatt--search_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_domains`

Read-Only:

- `search_domain` (String) Specify the domain name.


<a id="nestedatt--static_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_hosts`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) Specify the hostname of the target host.
- `ip_address` (String) Specify the IP address for the target host.
- `user_summary` (String) Specify a brief, descriptive summary for the configuration.
