---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The configuration for an ebMS3 handler.
---

# datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler (Data Source)

The configuration for an ebMS3 handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `aaa_policy` (String) AAA policy
- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable GZIP compression with clients. By default, compression is not enabled.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `credential_charset` (String) Specify the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. The default value is protocol, which is ISO-8859-1 (Latin 1). <p>Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the HTTP <tt>Authorization</tt> request header. The contents of the <tt>Authorization</tt> header is transcoded to UTF-8.</p>
- `http_version` (String) Specify the HTTP version for client connection. The default value is HTTP/1.1.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) Specify the local IP address that the service listens. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which indicates that the service is active on all addresses. You can use a local host alias to help ease migration.
- `local_port` (Number) Specifies the port that this service monitors. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 80.
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Specify the maximum number of headers to allow in client requests. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length to accept for any header name. A header is expressed as a name-value pair. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of the query string. The query string is the portion of the URL after the <tt>?</tt> character. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum aggregate size of headers in bytes in client requests. Enter a value in the range 5 - 128000. The default value is 128000.
- `max_url_len` (Number) Specify the maximum URL length in bytes to accept from clients. Enter a value in the range 1 - 128000. The default value is 16384. The length includes any query string or fragment identifier.
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length to accept for any header value. A header is expressed as a name-value pair. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable persistent connections with clients. By default, persistent connections are enabled.
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) Specify the type of TLS profile to secure client connections.
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
