---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_filter_action Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A message filter action defines the administrative action to take. Filters can be cautionary or stringent.
---

# datapower_filter_action (Data Source)

A message filter action defines the administrative action to take. Filters can be cautionary or stringent.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_filter_action" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_FilterAction"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `block_interval` (Number) Specify an optional interval during which an over-threshold message type is denied service. Meaningful only when the message is rejected due to policy or shaping queue overflow. This value is the duration of service denial in milliseconds. The default value is 0, indicates that over-threshold messages are dropped but no service denial penalty is imposed.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `log_level` (String) Specify the priority of the log message that is generated when a monitored message type exceeds a threshold value.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `type` (String) Select the action to take The default is notify.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
