docs/data-sources/ftpserversourceprotocolhandler.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  FTP server handler
---

# datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler (Data Source)

FTP server handler

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `allow_ccc` (Boolean) Allow CCC command
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Allow compression
- `allow_dele_cmd` (Boolean) Enable DELE command support
- `allow_list_cmd` (Boolean) Enable LIST command support
- `allow_rest` (Boolean) Allow restart (REST)
- `allow_stou` (Boolean) Allow unique file name (STOU)
- `alternate_pasv_addr` (String) Alternate PASV IP address
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `certificate_aaa_policy` (String) Password-required AAA policy
- `data_encryption` (String) File transfer data encryption
- `default_directory` (String) Default directory
- `disable_pasvip_check` (Boolean) Disable passive data connection (PASV) IP security check
- `disable_portip_check` (Boolean) Disable active data connection (PORT) IP security check
- `filesystem_type` (String) File system type
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Idle timeout
- `local_address` (String) Local IP address
- `local_port` (Number) Port
- `max_filename_length` (Number) Max file name length
- `passive` (String) Passive (PASV) command
- `password_aaa_policy` (String) Username-password AAA policy
- `pasv_idle_time_out` (Number) Passive data connection idle timeout
- `pasv_max_port` (Number) Max passive port
- `pasv_min_port` (Number) Min passive port
- `persistent_filesystem_timeout` (Number) Persistent timeout
- `require_tls` (String) Require TLS
- `response_nfs_mount` (String) Response NFS mount
- `response_storage` (String) Response storage
- `response_suffix` (String) Response suffix
- `response_type` (String) Response type
- `restart_timeout` (Number) Restart timeout
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) TLS server type
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
- `temporary_storage_size` (Number) Temporary storage size
- `unique_filename_prefix` (String) Unique file name prefix
- `use_alternate_pasv_addr` (Boolean) Use alternate PASV IP address
- `use_pasv_port_range` (Boolean) Limit port range for passive connections
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `virtual_directories` (Attributes List) Virtual directories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--virtual_directories))

<a id="nestedatt--result--virtual_directories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.virtual_directories`

Read-Only:

- `response_directory` (String) Response directory
- `virtual_path` (String) Virtual directory

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/ftpserversourceprotocolhandler.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  FTP server handler
---

# datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler (Data Source)

FTP server handler

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_ftpserversourceprotocolhandler.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `allow_ccc` (Boolean) Allow CCC command
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Allow compression
- `allow_dele_cmd` (Boolean) Enable DELE command support
- `allow_list_cmd` (Boolean) Enable LIST command support
- `allow_rest` (Boolean) Allow restart (REST)
- `allow_stou` (Boolean) Allow unique file name (STOU)
- `alternate_pasv_addr` (String) Alternate PASV IP address
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `certificate_aaa_policy` (String) Password-required AAA policy
- `data_encryption` (String) File transfer data encryption
- `default_directory` (String) Default directory
- `disable_pasvip_check` (Boolean) Disable passive data connection (PASV) IP security check
- `disable_portip_check` (Boolean) Disable active data connection (PORT) IP security check
- `filesystem_type` (String) File system type
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Idle timeout
- `local_address` (String) Local IP address
- `local_port` (Number) Port
- `max_filename_length` (Number) Max file name length
- `passive` (String) Passive (PASV) command
- `password_aaa_policy` (String) Username-password AAA policy
- `pasv_idle_time_out` (Number) Passive data connection idle timeout
- `pasv_max_port` (Number) Max passive port
- `pasv_min_port` (Number) Min passive port
- `persistent_filesystem_timeout` (Number) Persistent timeout
- `require_tls` (String) Require TLS
- `response_nfs_mount` (String) Response NFS mount
- `response_storage` (String) Response storage
- `response_suffix` (String) Response suffix
- `response_type` (String) Response type
- `restart_timeout` (Number) Restart timeout
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) TLS server type
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
- `temporary_storage_size` (Number) Temporary storage size
- `unique_filename_prefix` (String) Unique file name prefix
- `use_alternate_pasv_addr` (Boolean) Use alternate PASV IP address
- `use_pasv_port_range` (Boolean) Limit port range for passive connections
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `virtual_directories` (Attributes List) Virtual directories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--virtual_directories))

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--virtual_directories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.virtual_directories`

Read-Only:

- `response_directory` (String) Response directory
- `virtual_path` (String) Virtual directory
