---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_host_alias Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A host alias is a map between a local IP address to a local alias. The host alias is resolved like a static host entry. Host aliases provide a level of abstraction between concrete network addresses and configuration. You can use host aliases where you can define local IP addresses. Host aliases ease the export and migration of service among DataPower Gateway instances. The alias is exported, but the alias map is not. If the alias is defined on the destination system, the alias resolves to the IP address that is defined on the destination system.
---

# datapower_host_alias (Data Source)

A host alias is a map between a local IP address to a local alias. The host alias is resolved like a static host entry. Host aliases provide a level of abstraction between concrete network addresses and configuration. You can use host aliases where you can define local IP addresses. Host aliases ease the export and migration of service among DataPower Gateway instances. The alias is exported, but the alias map is not. If the alias is defined on the destination system, the alias resolves to the IP address that is defined on the destination system.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_host_alias" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_HostAlias"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ip_address` (String) IP address
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
