---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_http_user_agent Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A user agent define how to retrieve resources from remote servers.
---

# datapower_http_user_agent (Data Source)

A user agent define how to retrieve resources from remote servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_http_user_agent" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_HTTPUserAgent"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `add_header_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS to inject HTTP headers into the message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--add_header_policies))
- `allow_compression_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS that allow compression. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--allow_compression_policies))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `basic_auth_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific username and password for basic authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--basic_auth_policies))
- `ftp_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associate a set of URLs to control FTP client options for outgoing connections. These settings override the compiled-in defaults and can be further overridden by query parameters that initiates the file transfer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ftp_policies))
- `header_retention_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS to retain specific heads in messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_retention_policies))
- `http_version_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs to specific HTTP versions. This policy is cumulative. If any transaction, URL match, or gateway have an HTTP version policy, that transaction is processed at the requested HTTP version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--http_version_policies))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `identifier` (String) Specify the string that the user agent includes as the <tt>request-header</tt> field. This field contains information about the user agent that initiates the request. By default, the system does not include a <tt>request-header</tt> field.
- `max_redirects` (Number) Specify the maximum number of HTTP redirect messages received before the target URL is declared unreachable. Enter a value in the range 0 - 128. The default value is 8.
- `proxy_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the proxy policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific HTTP proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--proxy_policies))
- `pubkey_auth_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific private key for public key authentication. The remote host must possess and reference the corresponding public key (certificate) to connect successfully. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--pubkey_auth_policies))
- `sftp_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associate a set of URLs to control SSH client options for outgoing connections. These settings override the compiled-in defaults and can be further overridden by query parameters that initiates the file transfer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--sftp_policies))
- `smtp_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS to control SMTP client options for outgoing connections. These settings override the compiled-in defaults and can be further overridden by query parameters that sends the e-mail message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--smtp_policies))
- `soap_action_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific HTTP SOAPAction header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--soap_action_policies))
- `ssl_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific TLS profile. When a URL matches the expression, the agent uses the corresponding TLS profile to secure connections with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ssl_policies))
- `timeout` (Number) the maximum idle time in seconds before an established connection to a remote server is torn down. Enter a avlue in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 300.
- `upload_chunked_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URL to control whether to send chunked-encoded documents. With HTTP/1.1, the body of the document can be delimited by <tt>Content-Length</tt> or chunked encoding. All servers understand <tt>Content-Length</tt> but many applications fail to understand chunked encoding. Therefore, <tt>Content-Length</tt> is used. However, the use of <tt>Content-Length</tt> interferes with the ability of the service to fully stream. <p>Unlike all other HTTP/1.1 features that can be negotiated down at run time, you must know beforehand that the target server is RFC 2616 compatible.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--upload_chunked_policies))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--add_header_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.add_header_policies`

Read-Only:

- `add_header` (String) Specify the name of the header.
- `add_value` (String) Specify the value for the header as a string.
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.


<a id="nestedatt--result--allow_compression_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.allow_compression_policies`

Read-Only:

- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Specify whether to allow compression.
  - Default value: `false`
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.


<a id="nestedatt--result--basic_auth_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.basic_auth_policies`

Read-Only:

- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias that maps to the password for the username.
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `user_name` (String) Specify the username for basic authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ftp_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ftp_policies`

Read-Only:

- `auth_tls` (String) Specify the use of TLS to secure FTP command connections.
  - Choices: `auth-off`, `auth-tls-opt`, `auth-tls-req`, `auth-tls-imp`
  - Default value: `auth-off`
- `data_type` (String) Specify the default file transfer data type. In most cases, the value of binary is appropriate.
  - Choices: `ascii`, `binary`
  - Default value: `binary`
- `encrypt_data` (String) Specify the use of encryption of file transfers. Compatible with NAT in all settings.
  - Choices: `enc-data-off`, `enc-data-opt`, `enc-data-req`
  - Default value: `enc-data-off`
  - Not Valid When: `auth_tls`=`auth-off`
- `passive` (String) Specify the use of FTP passive mode to control in which direction FTP data connections are made.
  - Choices: `pasv-off`, `pasv-opt`, `pasv-req`
  - Default value: `pasv-req`
- `quoted_commands` (String) Specify the list of FTP commands to send to the server before each FTP STOR, STOU, or RETR command. Useful with "SITE" commands, such as "SITE RECFM=FB" for the MVS domain on a z/OS system. These commands cannot be data-transfer related, such as STOU, RETR, PORT, PASV, etc.
  - Reference to: `datapower_ftp_quote_commands:id`
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `size_check` (String) Specify whether to check the file size after file transfer. Uses the SIZE command, and compares the returned number to the number of bytes transferred "over the wire" for the file transfer. If the numbers are not equal, the file transfer is marked as failing. If the FTP server does not support the SIZE command, no error results. Some FTP servers, particularly vsftpd in the default configuration, provide inaccurate SIZE responses for files transferred in ASCII mode. If you get such errors, you can disable this feature. Alternately you can reconfigure vsftpd.
  - Choices: `size-check-optional`, `size-check-disabled`
  - Default value: `size-check-optional`
- `slash_stou` (String) Specify whether to create a unique file if the name contains a trailing slash. Some FTP servers provide the STOU command. Use the command only if the FTP server supports this command. The STOU command allows the server to choose the unique file name in the current directory. Using the STOU command does not require the client to choose a unique file name. When enabled and a URL is given to write that ends in a /, the server uses the STOU command instead of the STOR command.
  - Choices: `slash-stou-off`, `slash-stou-on`
  - Default value: `slash-stou-on`
- `use_ccc` (String) Specify the cessation of FTP command channel encryption after user authentication. Encryption must be stopped for compatibility with NAT and other firewall applications. Although a security risk, no other option exists when NAT is in use.
  - Choices: `ccc-off`, `ccc-opt`, `ccc-req`
  - Default value: `ccc-off`
  - Not Valid When: `auth_tls`=`auth-off`


<a id="nestedatt--result--header_retention_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_retention_policies`

Read-Only:

- `header_retention` (Attributes) Specify the headers to retain in outbound traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_retention_policies--header_retention))
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.

<a id="nestedatt--result--header_retention_policies--header_retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_retention_policies.header_retention`

Read-Only:

- `accept_encoding` (Boolean) Accept-Encoding
  - Default value: `false`
- `mqmd` (Boolean) MQMD
  - Default value: `false`
- `range` (Boolean) Range
  - Default value: `false`
- `te` (Boolean) TE
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--http_version_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.http_version_policies`

Read-Only:

- `http2_required` (Boolean) Specify whether HTTP/2 is required when the version is HTTP/2.
  - Default value: `false`
  - Not Valid When: `version`!=`HTTP/2`
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `version` (String) Specify the HTTP version to use.
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`, `HTTP/2`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`


<a id="nestedatt--result--proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.proxy_policies`

Read-Only:

- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the hostname or IP address of the remote HTTP server.
  - Required When: `skip`=`false`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port on the remote HTTP server.
  - Required When: `skip`=`false`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `skip` (Boolean) Specify whether to forward requests to the remote HTTP server. When not enabled, specify the remote host and port of the HTTP server.
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--pubkey_auth_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.pubkey_auth_policies`

Read-Only:

- `crypto_key` (String) Specify the private key for public key authentication.
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_key:id`
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.


<a id="nestedatt--result--sftp_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.sftp_policies`

Read-Only:

- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `ssh_client_profile` (String) Specify the SSH client profile.
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssh_client_profile:id`
- `use_unique_filenames` (Boolean) Specifies whether to generate a unique file name for files written to an SSH FTP server. When the target URL represents a directory, a unique file name is generated. When the target URL represents a file name that already exists, any transfers result into a new unique file being created and its name is modified to include a unique prolog.
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--smtp_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.smtp_policies`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (String) Specify the method to authenticate the SMTP client.
  - Choices: `plain`, `login`
  - Default value: `plain`
  - Not Valid When: `options`!=`auth`
- `options` (Attributes) Specify the SMTP options to enable for the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--smtp_policies--options))
- `recipient` (String) Specify the e-mail address of the recipient ("To:")
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
  - Default value: `dpsmtp://*`
- `sender` (String) Specify the e-mail address of the sender ("From:")
- `subject` (String) Specify the subject line of the e-mail.

<a id="nestedatt--result--smtp_policies--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.smtp_policies.options`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (Boolean) Authentication
  - Default value: `false`
- `start_tls` (Boolean) STARTTLS
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--soap_action_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.soap_action_policies`

Read-Only:

- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `soap_action` (String) Specify the value for the HTTP SOAPAction header.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ssl_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ssl_policies`

Read-Only:

- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `ssl_client` (String) Specify the TLS client profile to secure connections with targets
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Required When: `ssl_client_config_type`=`client`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) Specify the type of TLS profile to secure connections with targets
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`


<a id="nestedatt--result--upload_chunked_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.upload_chunked_policies`

Read-Only:

- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style expression to define the URL set.
- `upload_chunked` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable RFC 2616-compliant chunked encoding. The server must implement the specification to receive this encoding.
  - Default value: `false`
