---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_https_source_protocol_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An HTTPS handler receives HTTP requests over TLS and forwards them to the appropriate DataPower service. HTTPS handlers conform to RFC 2616.
---

# datapower_https_source_protocol_handler (Data Source)

An HTTPS handler receives HTTP requests over TLS and forwards them to the appropriate DataPower service. HTTPS handlers conform to RFC 2616.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_https_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_HTTPSSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Specify whether to negotiate GZIP compression for client connections. When enabled and the <tt>Accept-Encoding</tt> HTTP header indicates that compressed documents can be processed, the service uses GZIP to compress HTTP transmissions. The <tt>Transfer-Encoding</tt> HTTP header indicates compression.
- `allow_web_socket_upgrade` (Boolean) Specify whether to allow WebSocket upgrade requests from clients. The default value is disabled. This request is to switch the existing connection to use the WebSocket protocol. WebSocket upgrade requests require that The handler allows GET methods.
- `allowed_features` (Attributes) Allowed methods and versions
  - CLI Alias: `allowed-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--allowed_features))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `chunked_encoding` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable responses to use chunked transfer-encoding. By default, HTTP responses use <tt>Transfer-Encoding: chunked</tt> .
- `credential_charset` (String) Specify the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the authorization header of the request. The contents of the <tt>Authorization</tt> header are transcoded to UTF-8. The default value represents ISO-8859-1 Latin 1.
- `header_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum duration in milliseconds to allow for request headers processing. When the value is greater than 0, request header processing must complete before the duration elapses. Enter a value in the range 0 - 3600000, where a value of 0 disables the timer. The default value is 30000.
- `http2_idle_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle duration in milliseconds to allow before closing the HTTP/2 connection. Enter a value in the range 0 - 3600000, where a value of 0 disables the timer. The default value is 0.
- `http2_max_frame_size` (Number) Specify the largest payload frame size that the client can send. Enter a value in the range 16384 - 16777215. The default value is 16384.
- `http2_max_streams` (Number) Specify the maximum number of concurrent streams that the client can have outstanding at the same time. Enter a value in the range 1 - 500. The default value is 100. <p>The limit applies to the number of streams that the client allows the target to create. The greater the number of streams in use, the more resources the client uses. Resources include memory and the network connections to the destination.</p>
- `http2_stream_header` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable the HTTP/2 stream identifier header in the request or response. When enabled, the HTTP/2 stream identifier is included in the <tt>X-DP-http2-stream</tt> header. With this header, you can correlate the HTTP/2 stream. The default behavior is disabled.
- `http_version` (String) Specify the HTTP version for client connections. The default value is HTTP/1.1. For the HTTP/2 protocol, requests and responses are always HTTP/2. When HTTP/2, this setting is ignored.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) Specify the IP address or host alias that the handler listens. The default value indicates that The handler listens on all IPv4 addresses.
- `local_port` (Number) Port
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Specify the maximum number of headers to allow in client requests. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length in bytes of a header name to allow in client requests. Each HTTP header is expressed as a name-value pair. This setting sets the maximum length of the name portion of a header. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
- `max_persistent_connections_reuse` (Number) Specify the maximum number of times that a client can reuse a persistent connection. When this count is reached, an explicit <tt>HTTP Connection: close</tt> header is sent in the response, and the TCP connection is closed. The default value is 0, which means unlimited reuse.
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of the query string in bytes to allow in client requests. The query string is the portion of the URL after the ? character. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum aggregate length in bytes of HTTP headers to allow. Enter a value in the range 5 - 128000. The default value is 128000.
- `max_url_len` (Number) Specify the length in bytes of the longest incoming URL to accept. The length includes any query string or fragment identifier. Enter a value in the range 1 - 128000. The default value is 16384.
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of a header value in bytes to allow in client requests. Each HTTP header is expressed as a name-value pair. This setting sets the maximum length of the value portion of a header. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Specify whether to negotiate persistent connections with clients. The HTTP/2 protocol controls persistent connections and reuse. Therefore, this setting is ignored for the HTTP/2 protocol.
- `ssl_server` (String) Specify the TLS server profile to secure connections from clients. <b>Note:</b> The TLS server profile that secures the HTTP/2 connection must use the TLS 1.2 or later protocol with a cipher that is secure according to RFC 7540.
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) TLS server type
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) Specify the TLS SNI server profile to secure connections from clients. <b>Note:</b> The TLS SNI server profile that secures the HTTP/2 connection must use the TLS 1.2 or later protocol with a cipher that is secure according to RFC 7540.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `web_socket_idle_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle time in seconds for client connections. This timer monitors the idle time in the data transfer process. When the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 0, which indicates that the timer is disabled.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--allowed_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.allowed_features`

Read-Only:

- `cmd_exe` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains cmd.exe
- `connect` (Boolean)
- `custom_methods` (Boolean) Allow requests with any other method, which supports protocol extensions
- `delete` (Boolean) Allow DELETE methods in requests
- `dot_dot` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains a ..
- `dot_dot_in_path` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL path contains a ..
- `dot_dot_in_query_string` (Boolean) Allow requests when the query string contains a ..
- `fragment_identifiers` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains a #
- `get` (Boolean) Allow GET methods in requests
- `head` (Boolean) Allow HEAD methods in requests
- `http_1d0` (Boolean) Support HTTP/1.0 requests
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) Support HTTP/1.1 requests
- `http_2d0` (Boolean) Support HTTP/2 requests
- `options` (Boolean) Allow OPTIONS methods in requests
- `patch` (Boolean) Allow PATCH methods in requests
- `post` (Boolean) Allow POST methods in requests
- `put` (Boolean) Allow PUT methods in requests
- `query_string` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains a ?
- `trace` (Boolean) Allow TRACE methods in requests
