docs/data-sources/httpssourceprotocolhandler.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HTTPS handler
---

# datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler (Data Source)

HTTPS handler

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
- `allow_web_socket_upgrade` (Boolean) Allow WebSocket upgrade
- `allowed_features` (Attributes) Allowed methods and versions
  - CLI Alias: `allowed-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--allowed_features))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `chunked_encoding` (Boolean) Enable chunked encoding responses
- `credential_charset` (String) Credential character set
- `header_timeout` (Number) Request headers processing timeout
- `http2_idle_timeout` (Number) HTTP/2 idle timeout
- `http2_max_frame_size` (Number) HTTP/2 max frame size
- `http2_max_streams` (Number) HTTP/2 maximum streams
- `http2_stream_header` (Boolean) Enable HTTP/2 stream header
- `http_version` (String) HTTP version to client
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) Local IP address
- `local_port` (Number) Port
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Maximum number of headers
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header name length
- `max_persistent_connections_reuse` (Number) Maximum persistent reuse
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Maximum query string length
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum total header length
- `max_url_len` (Number) Maximum URL length
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header value length
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Negotiate persistent connections
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) TLS server type
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `web_socket_idle_timeout` (Number) WebSocket idle timeout

<a id="nestedatt--result--allowed_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.allowed_features`

Read-Only:

- `cmd_exe` (Boolean) URL with cmd.exe
  - Default value: `false`
- `connect` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `custom_methods` (Boolean) Custom methods
  - Default value: `false`
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot` (Boolean) URL with ..
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_path` (Boolean) URL with .. in path
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_query_string` (Boolean) URL with .. after ?
  - Default value: `false`
- `fragment_identifiers` (Boolean) URL with #
  - Default value: `true`
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
  - Default value: `false`
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP/1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP/1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_2d0` (Boolean) HTTP/2
  - Default value: `false`
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS
  - Default value: `false`
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
  - Default value: `false`
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
  - Default value: `true`
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
  - Default value: `true`
- `query_string` (Boolean) URL with ?
  - Default value: `true`
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/httpssourceprotocolhandler.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HTTPS handler
---

# datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler (Data Source)

HTTPS handler

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_httpssourceprotocolhandler.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
- `allow_web_socket_upgrade` (Boolean) Allow WebSocket upgrade
- `allowed_features` (Attributes) Allowed methods and versions
  - CLI Alias: `allowed-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--allowed_features))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `chunked_encoding` (Boolean) Enable chunked encoding responses
- `credential_charset` (String) Credential character set
- `header_timeout` (Number) Request headers processing timeout
- `http2_idle_timeout` (Number) HTTP/2 idle timeout
- `http2_max_frame_size` (Number) HTTP/2 max frame size
- `http2_max_streams` (Number) HTTP/2 maximum streams
- `http2_stream_header` (Boolean) Enable HTTP/2 stream header
- `http_version` (String) HTTP version to client
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) Local IP address
- `local_port` (Number) Port
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Maximum number of headers
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header name length
- `max_persistent_connections_reuse` (Number) Maximum persistent reuse
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Maximum query string length
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum total header length
- `max_url_len` (Number) Maximum URL length
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header value length
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Negotiate persistent connections
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) TLS server type
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `web_socket_idle_timeout` (Number) WebSocket idle timeout

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--allowed_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.allowed_features`

Read-Only:

- `cmd_exe` (Boolean) URL with cmd.exe
  - Default value: `false`
- `connect` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `custom_methods` (Boolean) Custom methods
  - Default value: `false`
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot` (Boolean) URL with ..
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_path` (Boolean) URL with .. in path
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_query_string` (Boolean) URL with .. after ?
  - Default value: `false`
- `fragment_identifiers` (Boolean) URL with #
  - Default value: `true`
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
  - Default value: `false`
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP/1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP/1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_2d0` (Boolean) HTTP/2
  - Default value: `false`
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS
  - Default value: `false`
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
  - Default value: `false`
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
  - Default value: `true`
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
  - Default value: `true`
- `query_string` (Boolean) URL with ?
  - Default value: `true`
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method
  - Default value: `false`
