---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_http_input_conversion_map Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This defines the rules for handling HTTP to XML conversion of form values in an HTTP GET or POST of a form. There are different conversion (Encoding) rules for the values. They control how the value is mapped to the contents of its &lt;arg> element in the resulting XML. There is a default Encoding, which is all that is required. There can also be specific Encodings applied to values based on the name associated with a value, which is done using an ordered list of PCREs.
---

# datapower_http_input_conversion_map (Data Source)

This defines the rules for handling HTTP to XML conversion of form values in an HTTP GET or POST of a form. There are different conversion (Encoding) rules for the values. They control how the value is mapped to the contents of its &lt;arg> element in the resulting XML. There is a default Encoding, which is all that is required. There can also be specific Encodings applied to values based on the name associated with a value, which is done using an ordered list of PCREs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_http_input_conversion_map" "test" {
  id         = "_webappfw_sql-json"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `default_input_encoding` (String) Select the default encoding to use for any name-value pair in an HTTP form where the name does not match any of the patterns in the Encoding Map.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `input_encoding` (Attributes List) This allows selecting the Encoding for values based on their name. The names are matched by PCREs. Each PCRE is associated with an Encoding that controls how the value is mapped to the contents of an &lt;arg> element in the resulting XML. This is an ordered list, comparision of the name proceeds until the first match. If there is no match, the Encoding will be selected by the Default Encoding of this HTTP Input Conversion Map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--input_encoding))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--input_encoding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.input_encoding`

Read-Only:

- `encoding` (String) Select how to translate the value of a form field to the contents of the &lt;arg> element in the generated XML.
  - CLI Alias: `encoding`
  - Choices: `plain`, `urlencoded`, `xml`, `urlencoded-xml`, `base64`, `base64-text`, `base64-xml`, `json`
- `input_match` (String) The PCRE pattern that will be matched against the name of an HTTP form field. If the name matches this PCRE, the associated value will be processed by the rules of the Encoding. If a form field has no name, an empty string is used for the pattern matching.
  - CLI Alias: `input-name`
