---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_import_package Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An import package allows the system to import a configuration package from an external server, such as a centralized configuration server, when the configuration is reloaded (such as during a restart). This package can optionally overwrite existing files or objects. An import package specifies a source, content type, and import parameters for a single bundle.
---

# datapower_import_package (Data Source)

An import package allows the system to import a configuration package from an external server, such as a centralized configuration server, when the configuration is reloaded (such as during a restart). This package can optionally overwrite existing files or objects. <p>An import package specifies a source, content type, and import parameters for a single bundle.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_import_package" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_ImportPackage"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `deployment_policy` (String) Deployment policy
- `deployment_policy_parameters` (String) Deployment policy variables
- `destination_domain` (String) Destination domain
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `import_format` (String) Specify the format of the import package. The default value is ZIP.
- `local_ip_rewrite` (Boolean) Specify whether to rewrite local IP addresses on import. When enabled, local IP addresses in the import package are rewritten to match the local configuration on import. In other words, a service bound to eth1 in the import package are rewritten to bind to eth1 on the local system on import. The default behavior is to rewrite IP addresses.
- `on_startup` (Boolean) Specify whether to import the import package on startup. The default behavior is to import on startup. <ul><li>When enabled, the import package is imported at startup. The configuration is marked external and cannot be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-always'.</li><li>When disabled, the import must be started manually. The configuration is not marked external and can be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-once'.</li></ul>
- `overwrite_files` (Boolean) Specify whether to overwrite existing files. When enabled, files in the package overwrite any file of the same path and name that already exist. The default behavior is to overwrite files.
- `overwrite_objects` (Boolean) Specify whether to overwrite existing objects. When enabled, objects in the package overwrite any object of the same class and name that already exist. The default behavior is to overwrite objects.
- `url` (String) Specify the URL of the import package. The tool does not support SCP and SFTP protocols. All other URL protocols are available; for example, HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
