docs/data-sources/include_config.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_include_config Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An include configuration file defines external configuration data to process on startup. The included configuration files can reside locally or on a remote host.
---

# datapower_include_config (Data Source)

An include configuration file defines external configuration data to process on startup. The included configuration files can reside locally or on a remote host.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_include_config" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_IncludeConfig"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `interface_detection` (Boolean) Specify whether to wait for the associated IP interface to be operational. This setting only affects configuration files from remote servers. When enabled, remote files are processed asynchronously after the associated IP interface is operational.
- `on_startup` (Boolean) Specify whether to import the configuration file on startup. The default behavior is to import on startup. <ul><li>When enabled, the configuration file is imported at startup. The configuration is marked external and cannot be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-always'.</li><li>When disabled, the import must be started manually. The configuration is not marked external and can be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-once'.</li></ul>
- `url` (String) Specify the URL of the configuration file. The file must be a configuration file of type <tt>.cfg</tt> . The URL takes the form 'protocol://username:password@host/path' when a username and password are needed to retrieve the file.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/include_config.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_include_config Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An include configuration file defines external configuration data to process on startup. The included configuration files can reside locally or on a remote host.
---

# datapower_include_config (Data Source)

An include configuration file defines external configuration data to process on startup. The included configuration files can reside locally or on a remote host.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_include_config" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_IncludeConfig"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `interface_detection` (Boolean) Specify whether to wait for the associated IP interface to be operational. This setting only affects configuration files from remote servers. When enabled, remote files are processed asynchronously after the associated IP interface is operational.
- `on_startup` (Boolean) Specify whether to import the configuration file on startup. The default behavior is to import on startup. <ul><li>When enabled, the configuration file is imported at startup. The configuration is marked external and cannot be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-always'.</li><li>When disabled, the import must be started manually. The configuration is not marked external and can be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-once'.</li></ul>
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `url` (String) Specify the URL of the configuration file. The file must be a configuration file of type <tt>.cfg</tt> . The URL takes the form 'protocol://username:password@host/path' when a username and password are needed to retrieve the file.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
