---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jose_signature_identifier Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JOSE Signature Identifier object for the JSON Web Verify.
---

# datapower_jose_signature_identifier (Data Source)

JOSE Signature Identifier object for the JSON Web Verify.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_jose_signature_identifier" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `certificate` (String) Use the certificate to verify the signature.
- `header_param` (Attributes List) The JOSE header parameters used to identify the signature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_param))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ss_key` (String) Use the shared secret key to verify the signature.
- `type` (String) Key material type used to verify the signature.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
- `valid_algorithms` (List of String) Specifies an array of algorithm values that are valid for signature verification. When specified, the JWS <tt>alg</tt> header parameter value must match a value in this set. By default, all allowed JWS <tt>alg</tt> header parameters values are valid.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--header_param"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_param`

Read-Only:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.
- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.
