---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jwe_header Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWE header object.
---

# datapower_jwe_header (Data Source)

JWE header object.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_jwe_header" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `jwe_protected_header` (Attributes List) Add a JWE protected header to a JWE encrypt action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--jwe_protected_header))
- `jwe_shared_unprotected_header` (Attributes List) Add a JWE shared unprotected header to a JWE encrypt action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--jwe_shared_unprotected_header))
- `recipient` (String) Add a JWE recipient object to a JWE encrypt action.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--jwe_protected_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.jwe_protected_header`

Read-Only:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.
- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.


<a id="nestedatt--result--jwe_shared_unprotected_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.jwe_shared_unprotected_header`

Read-Only:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.
- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.
