---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_kafka_source_protocol_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Kafka handler monitors the request topic for incoming client requests.
---

# datapower_kafka_source_protocol_handler (Data Source)

A Kafka handler monitors the request topic for incoming client requests.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_kafka_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_KafkaSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `batch_size` (Number) Specify the number of messages to retrieve and process as a batch. The handler attempts to retrieve the number of specified messages from the consumer and processes these messages as a batch. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 1.
- `cluster` (String) Kafka cluster
- `consumer_group` (String) Consumer group
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `request_topic` (String) Specify the name of the request topic to monitor for incoming client requests. On receipt, the handler forwards the extracted message to the DataPower service for processing.
- `response_topic` (String) Specify the name of the response topic to send responses after processing by the DataPower service. When the Kafka server does not expect responses, leave blank. When blank, responses are dropped.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
