---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ldap_search_parameters Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  LDAP search parameters are a container for the parameters to use to perform an LDAP search operation. When used with authentication, the search retrieves the distinguished name (DN) for the user. When used with credential authorization mapping, the search retrieves the group name (DN or attribute value) based on the DN of the authenticated user.
---

# datapower_ldap_search_parameters (Data Source)

LDAP search parameters are a container for the parameters to use to perform an LDAP search operation. When used with authentication, the search retrieves the distinguished name (DN) for the user. When used with credential authorization mapping, the search retrieves the group name (DN or attribute value) based on the DN of the authenticated user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_ldap_search_parameters" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_LDAPSearchParameters"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ldap_base_dn` (String) Specify the base DN to begin the search. This value identifies the entry level of the tree.
- `ldap_filter_prefix` (String) Specify the prefix of the LDAP filter expression. An LDAP filter expression is composed by <tt>prefix + username + suffix</tt> . If the prefix is <tt>(&amp;(uid=</tt> and the username is <tt>bob</tt> , the LDAP search filter is <tt>(&amp;(uid=bob</tt> .
- `ldap_filter_suffix` (String) Specify the suffix of the LDAP filter expression. An LDAP filter expression is composed by <tt>prefix + username + suffix</tt> . If the prefix is <tt>(&amp;(uid=</tt> , the username is <tt>bob</tt> , and the suffix is <tt>)(objectClass=person))</tt> , the LDAP search filter is <tt>(&amp;(uid=bob)(objectClass=person))</tt> .
- `ldap_returned_attribute` (String) Specify the LDAP attribute to return for each entry that matches the search filter. The default value is dn.
- `ldap_scope` (String) Specify the depth of the LDAP search. The default is subtree.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
