---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_loadbalancergroup Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_loadbalancergroup (Data Source)

<p>The DataPower device distributes traffic to members of a Load Balancer Group. These are back end servers and not additional DataPower devices. A Load Balancer Group lists members of a virtual server group and sets the algorithm for balancing them. Periodic health checks can be performed. Load Balancers may also be used to provide redundant LDAP server access.</p><p>When created, a DataPower service can use a Load Balancer Group by associating it with an XML manager that is associated with this service.</p><p>The back end destination URL is set to the name of the Load Balancer Group (example: "BackEndServers").</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_loadbalancergroup" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Select the algorithm to use to balance the real servers.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `application_routing` (Boolean) <p>If set to on, the load balancer group will route to the back end cluster depending on the following conditions.</p><ul><li>the application for which this request is targeted</li><li>the application status on the back end servers</li></ul><p>Application Routing is required for Application Edition (group or atomic) rollout. If you need Application Edition support, set the Update Type to Subscribe in the WebSphere Cell object.</p>
- `damp` (Number) When a real server is observed to be non-functioning, it is temporarily disabled. When the damp time has elapsed, it is re-enabled. Allowable values are in the range 1 - 86400.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `lb_group_affinity_conf` (Attributes) Session affinity allows applications to maintain sessions with clients.
  - CLI Alias: `session-affinity` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lb_group_affinity_conf))
- `lb_group_checks` (Attributes) The members of a Load Balancer Group can be periodically polled to verify the health of the server. If the server is found to be unresponsive, it is removed from the list of actively available servers until the unresponsive server passes a health check.
  - CLI Alias: `health-check` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lb_group_checks))
- `lb_group_members` (Attributes List) Members (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lb_group_members))
- `masquerade_member` (Boolean) If you set this value, the host name presented to the server will be the name of the group instead of the name of the member being used for that specific transaction.
- `monitored_cookies` (List of String) The DataPower Gateway enforces session affinity when the application server attempts to establish session affinity using one of these cookie names.
- `never_return_sick_member` (Boolean) During normal operation, when all members of the load-balancing group are down and a new request for that group is made, the first member of the group is automatically selected. If this property is turned on, no attempt will be made to connect under these circumstances.
- `retrieve_info` (Boolean) Use this setting to control whether this Load Balancer Group has membership and weight information automatically retrieved from the work load management repository WebSphere Cell. When disabled, the static configuration is used.
- `try_every_server_before_failing` (Boolean) This property applies only when none of the group members are in the "up" state. If this value is set, every server in the group is tried before failing the connection attempt. It is a "last best-effort" attempt.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `web_sphere_cell_config` (String) If you selected 'WebSphere Cell' for Workload Management Retrieval, you need to select a WebSphere Cell object that retrieves this information. If no objects are available in the pull down, you must create one.
- `wlm_group` (String) The Workload Management Group Name is used to define a group. In a WebSphere Application Server environment, the back end group is a cluster name. Once specified, the Load Balancer Group will be populated with the members and weights retrieved from the back end.
- `wlm_retrieval` (String) Contains the back end work load management repository selection type. Select 'WebSphere Cell' if your back-end is a WebSphere Application Server (WAS) Network Deployment (ND) or WAS Virtual Enterprise (VE).
- `wlm_transport` (String) Specify either HTTP or HTTPS for the Load Balancer Group protocol. This protocol is used to forward traffic between the DataPower Gateway and the members of the Load Balancer Group.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--lb_group_affinity_conf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lb_group_affinity_conf`

Read-Only:

- `affinity_mode` (String) Mode
  - CLI Alias: `affinity-mode`
  - Choices: `active`, `activeConditional`
- `affinity_wlm_override` (Boolean) Override WebSphere Cell Session Affinity
  - CLI Alias: `override-wlm-affinity`
  - Default value: `false`
- `enable_sa` (Boolean) Enable Session Affinity
  - CLI Alias: `enable-affinity`
  - Default value: `true`
- `insertion_attributes` (Attributes) Insert cookie attributes
  - CLI Alias: `i-cookie-attributes` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lb_group_affinity_conf--insertion_attributes))
- `insertion_cookie_name` (String) Insertion Cookie Name
  - CLI Alias: `i-cookie-name`
  - Default value: `DPJSESSIONID`
- `insertion_domain` (String) Insertion Domain
  - CLI Alias: `i-domain`
  - Default value: `datapower.com`
- `insertion_path` (String) Insertion Path
  - CLI Alias: `i-path`
  - Default value: `/`

<a id="nestedatt--result--lb_group_affinity_conf--insertion_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lb_group_affinity_conf.insertion_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `httponly` (Boolean) HttpOnly
  - Default value: `false`
- `secure` (Boolean) Secure
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--result--lb_group_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lb_group_checks`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Enabled
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `enforce_timeout` (Boolean) Enforce Health Check Timeouts
  - CLI Alias: `enforce-timeout`
  - Default value: `false`
- `filter` (String) XSL Health Check Filter
  - CLI Alias: `filter`
  - Default value: `store:///healthcheck.xsl`
- `frequency` (Number) Frequency
  - CLI Alias: `frequency`
  - Range: `5`-`86400`
  - Default value: `180`
- `gateway_script_checks` (Boolean) Process with GatewayScript
  - CLI Alias: `gatewayscript-checks`
  - Default value: `false`
- `gateway_script_custom_req_method` (String) Custom Method
  - CLI Alias: `request-custom-method`
- `gateway_script_req_content_type` (String) Content Type
  - CLI Alias: `request-content-type`
  - Default value: `application/json`
- `gateway_script_req_doc` (String) Request Document
  - CLI Alias: `request-doc`
  - Default value: `store:///healthcheck.json`
- `gateway_script_req_method` (String) HTTP Method
  - CLI Alias: `request-method`
  - Choices: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `Custom`
- `gateway_script_rsp_handler` (String) GatewayScript Response Evaluator
  - CLI Alias: `response-evaluator`
  - Default value: `store:///healthcheck.js`
- `gateway_script_rsp_handler_metadata` (String) Response Evaluator Metadata
  - CLI Alias: `response-evaluator-metadata`
- `independent_checks` (Boolean) Independent Health Checks
  - CLI Alias: `independent-checks`
  - Default value: `false`
- `input` (String) SOAP Request Document
  - CLI Alias: `send-soap`
  - Default value: `store:///healthcheck.xml`
- `port` (Number) Remote Port
  - CLI Alias: `target-port`
  - Default value: `80`
- `post` (Boolean) Send SOAP Request?
  - CLI Alias: `use-soap`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ssl` (String) Health Check Type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `Standard`, `LDAP`, `IMSConnect`, `TCPConnection`, `on`, `off`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `tcp_connection_type` (String) TCP Connection Type
  - CLI Alias: `tcp-conn-type`
  - Choices: `Full`, `Partial`
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Range: `2`-`86400`
  - Default value: `10`
- `uri` (String) URI
  - CLI Alias: `target-uri`
  - Default value: `/`
- `x_path` (String) XPath Expression
  - CLI Alias: `xpath`
  - Default value: `/`


<a id="nestedatt--result--lb_group_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lb_group_members`

Read-Only:

- `activity` (String) Status
- `health_port` (Number) Health Port
- `lb_member_state` (String) Administrative State
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Choices: `enabled`, `disabled`
  - Default value: `enabled`
- `mapped_port` (Number) Mapped Server Port
- `server` (String) Actual Host
  - CLI Alias: `server`
- `weight` (Number) Weight
  - CLI Alias: `weight`
  - Range: `1`-`65000`
  - Default value: `1`
