docs/data-sources/luna.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can use a network-attached SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance as the HSM to provide secure storage for RSA keys and accelerate RSA operations remotely. The configuration of the Luna HSM sets up the connection with the Luna HSM.
---

# datapower_luna (Data Source)

You can use a network-attached SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance as the HSM to provide secure storage for RSA keys and accelerate RSA operations remotely. The configuration of the Luna HSM sets up the connection with the Luna HSM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_luna" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_Luna"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `remote_address` (String) Host
- `security_option` (String) Specify the security option for connection.
- `server_cert` (String) Encryption certificate
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/luna.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can use a network-attached SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance as the HSM to provide secure storage for RSA keys and accelerate RSA operations remotely. The configuration of the Luna HSM sets up the connection with the Luna HSM.
---

# datapower_luna (Data Source)

You can use a network-attached SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance as the HSM to provide secure storage for RSA keys and accelerate RSA operations remotely. The configuration of the Luna HSM sets up the connection with the Luna HSM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_luna" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_Luna"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `remote_address` (String) Host
- `security_option` (String) Specify the security option for connection.
- `server_cert` (String) Encryption certificate
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
