docs/data-sources/luna_ha_group.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna_ha_group Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An HA group on the SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance allows you to define multiple Luna HSM partitions as a group for load balancing and failover.
---

# datapower_luna_ha_group (Data Source)

An HA group on the SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance allows you to define multiple Luna HSM partitions as a group for load balancing and failover.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_luna_ha_group" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `group_name` (String) Specify the label that identifies the HA group on the Luna HSM. The HA group appears as one single logical partition that is identified by the label on the Luna HSM. The minimum length of the label is one character. The maximum length is 32 characters. The group name must be unique across domains.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `member` (List of String) Specify the members for HA group. An HA group member is an HSM partition that the system can access. The first member is the primary member. The Luna HSM balances cryptographic requests across the members in the HA group.
- `standby` (List of String) Specify the standby HSM partition. Standby members are not active for load balancing until all non-standby members fail. You must add the HSM partition as a member of the HA group before you can specify the partition as standby.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/luna_ha_group.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna_ha_group Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An HA group on the SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance allows you to define multiple Luna HSM partitions as a group for load balancing and failover.
---

# datapower_luna_ha_group (Data Source)

An HA group on the SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance allows you to define multiple Luna HSM partitions as a group for load balancing and failover.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_luna_ha_group" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_LunaHAGroup"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `group_name` (String) Specify the label that identifies the HA group on the Luna HSM. The HA group appears as one single logical partition that is identified by the label on the Luna HSM. The minimum length of the label is one character. The maximum length is 32 characters. The group name must be unique across domains.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `member` (List of String) Specify the members for HA group. An HA group member is an HSM partition that the system can access. The first member is the primary member. The Luna HSM balances cryptographic requests across the members in the HA group.
- `standby` (List of String) Specify the standby HSM partition. Standby members are not active for load balancing until all non-standby members fail. You must add the HSM partition as a member of the HA group before you can specify the partition as standby.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
