docs/data-sources/luna_partition.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna_partition Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance stores the RSA keys in independent partitions. The configuration of the Luna HSM partition specifies the partition that the system accesses in the Luna HSM.
---

# datapower_luna_partition (Data Source)

The SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance stores the RSA keys in independent partitions. The configuration of the Luna HSM partition specifies the partition that the system accesses in the Luna HSM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_luna_partition" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `login_role` (String) Login role
- `partition_name` (String) Specify the partition name for key storage. The name identifies the Luna partition. The minimum length is 1 character. The maximum length is 32 characters.
- `partition_serial` (String) Partition serial
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/luna_partition.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna_partition Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance stores the RSA keys in independent partitions. The configuration of the Luna HSM partition specifies the partition that the system accesses in the Luna HSM.
---

# datapower_luna_partition (Data Source)

The SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance stores the RSA keys in independent partitions. The configuration of the Luna HSM partition specifies the partition that the system accesses in the Luna HSM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_luna_partition" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_LunaPartition"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `login_role` (String) Login role
- `partition_name` (String) Specify the partition name for key storage. The name identifies the Luna partition. The minimum length is 1 character. The maximum length is 32 characters.
- `partition_serial` (String) Partition serial
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
