---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_matching Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Matching Rule
---

# datapower_matching (Data Source)

Matching Rule

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_matching" "test" {
  id         = "__default-accept-service-providers__"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `combine_with_or` (Boolean) <p>Whether to use Boolean OR or AND operations during evaluation.</p><ul><li>When enabled, combine with OR semantics. Only one match must evaluate to true for success.</li><li>When disabled, combine with AND semantics. All matches must evaluate to true for success.</li></ul>
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `match_rules` (Attributes List) The rules in the matching rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--match_rules))
- `match_with_pcre` (Boolean) Whether the evaluation uses shell style expressions or PCREs. This setting does not apply to XPath or HTTP method evaluations.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--match_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.match_rules`

Read-Only:

- `custom_method` (String) For a custom method, the custom HTTP method.
- `error_code` (String) The error code match expression.
- `http_tag` (String) For HTTP matching, the name of the HTTP header to examine.
- `http_value` (String) For HTTP matching, the value match for the HTTP header. Enter a match pattern or a literal string.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method.
- `type` (String) The match type for evaluation.
- `url` (String) The URL match expression.
- `xpath_expression` (String) The XPath match expression.
