docs/data-sources/matching.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_matching Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Matching Rule
---

# datapower_matching (Data Source)

Matching Rule

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_matching" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_matching.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `combine_with_or` (Boolean) Combine with Boolean OR
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `match_rules` (Attributes List) Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--match_rules))
- `match_with_pcre` (Boolean) Match with PCRE
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--match_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.match_rules`

Read-Only:

- `custom_method` (String) Custom method
- `error_code` (String) Error code
- `http_tag` (String) HTTP header
- `http_value` (String) HTTP value match
- `method` (String) HTTP method
  - Choices: `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `custom`, `default`
  - Default value: `default`
- `type` (String) Matching type
  - Choices: `url`, `http`, `errorcode`, `xpath`, `fullyqualifiedurl`, `host`, `method`
- `url` (String) URL match
- `xpath_expression` (String) XPath expression

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/matching.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_matching Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Matching Rule
---

# datapower_matching (Data Source)

Matching Rule

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_matching" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_matching.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `combine_with_or` (Boolean) Combine with Boolean OR
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `match_rules` (Attributes List) Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--match_rules))
- `match_with_pcre` (Boolean) Match with PCRE
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--match_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.match_rules`

Read-Only:

- `custom_method` (String) Custom method
- `error_code` (String) Error code
- `http_tag` (String) HTTP header
- `http_value` (String) HTTP value match
- `method` (String) HTTP method
  - Choices: `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `custom`, `default`
  - Default value: `default`
- `type` (String) Matching type
  - Choices: `url`, `http`, `errorcode`, `xpath`, `fullyqualifiedurl`, `host`, `method`
- `url` (String) URL match
- `xpath_expression` (String) XPath expression
