---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_message_content_filters Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Message Content Filters is a group of HTTP header-based and XPath-based filters. For HTTP header-based filters, the filter succeeds when the name and value of an HTTP header field match.For XPath-based filters, the filter succeeds when a document matches the element structure and content of the XPath expression and value.
---

# datapower_message_content_filters (Data Source)

A Message Content Filters is a group of HTTP header-based and XPath-based filters. <ul><li>For HTTP header-based filters, the filter succeeds when the name and value of an HTTP header field match.</li><li>For XPath-based filters, the filter succeeds when a document matches the element structure and content of the XPath expression and value.</li></ul>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_message_content_filters" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `filter_refs` (List of String) Defines the group of message content filter objects.
- `filters` (Attributes List) Defines the group of message content filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--filters))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.filters`

Read-Only:

- `filter_name` (String) Specify the name for the message content filter.
- `http_name` (String) Enter the name of the HTTP header field. Available for HTTP header-based filters.
- `http_value` (String) Enter the explicit, literal string value for the HTTP header field. Wildcards are not supported. Available for HTTP header-based filters.
- `type` (String) Select the type of the message content filter.
  - Choices: `http`, `xpath`
- `xpath_expression` (String) Enter the XPath expression or use the builder to define the XPath expression that is used to evaluate the messages to obtain the XPath value. Available for XPath-based filters.
- `xpath_value` (String) Enter the contents of the element for the XPath expression. Available for XPath-based filters.
