docs/data-sources/message_matching.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_message_matching Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_message_matching (Data Source)

<p>Message Matching determines what messages will be monitored by any monitor that uses the Message Matching object. It is a definition of the traffic flow that is monitored.</p><p>To capture all messages, set the HTTP Method field to 'any' and leave all other fields blank.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_message_matching" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_MessageMatching"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `http_header` (Attributes List) Click this tab to add match criteria for inclusive HTTP header fields to the traffic definition. The field with its corresponding value must appear in the HTTP header of the message to qualify for inclusion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--http_header))
- `http_header_exclude` (Attributes List) Click this tab to add match criteria for exclusive HTTP header field to the traffic definition. The field with its corresponding value cannot appear in the HTTP header of the message to qualify for exclusion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--http_header_exclude))
- `http_method` (String) Select the HTTP method included in this traffic definition. The default value is any, which indicates that HTTP method is not a match criteria.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ip_address` (String) Use an IP network address and prefix length to define a contiguous range of IP addresses included in this traffic definition (for example, 10.10.100.0/28 specifies IP addresses 10.10.100.0 through 10.10.100.15, and 10.10.100.19/32 specifies a single host address).
- `ip_exclude` (String) Use an IP network address and prefix length to define a contiguous range of IP addresses excluded from this traffic definition (for example, 10.10.100.0/28 specifies IP addresses 10.10.100.0 through 10.10.100.15, and 10.10.100.19/32 specifies a single host address).
- `request_url` (String) Provide a literal or wildcard expression to define a URL set included in this traffic definition. The following wildcard characters are available when defining the URL set. <table><tr><td valign="top">asterisk (*)</td><td valign="top">Matches 0 or more occurrences of any character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">question mark (?)</td><td valign="top">Matches one occurrence of any single character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">brackets ( [ ] )</td><td valign="top">Defines a character or numeric range. For example, [1-5] matches 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, while xs[dl] matches xsd or xsl.</td></tr></table>
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--http_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.http_header`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Enter the name of the HTTP header field to be examined.
- `value` (String) <p>Provide a literal or wildcard expression to define a set of values to include in or exclude from the traffic definition. If the contents of the specified header field fulfill the defined match criterion, the match succeeds.</p><p>The following wildcard characters are available:</p><table><tr><td valign="top">asterisk (*)</td><td>Matches 0 or more occurrences of any character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">question mark (?)</td><td>Matches one occurrence of any single character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">square brackets ([ ])</td><td>Defines a character or numeric range. <p>For example, [1-5] matches 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, while xs[dl] matches xsd or xsl.</p></td></tr></table>


<a id="nestedatt--result--http_header_exclude"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.http_header_exclude`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Enter the name of the HTTP header field to be examined.
- `value` (String) <p>Provide a literal or wildcard expression to define a set of values to include in or exclude from the traffic definition. If the contents of the specified header field fulfill the defined match criterion, the match succeeds.</p><p>The following wildcard characters are available:</p><table><tr><td valign="top">asterisk (*)</td><td>Matches 0 or more occurrences of any character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">question mark (?)</td><td>Matches one occurrence of any single character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">square brackets ([ ])</td><td>Defines a character or numeric range. <p>For example, [1-5] matches 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, while xs[dl] matches xsd or xsl.</p></td></tr></table>

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/message_matching.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_message_matching Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_message_matching (Data Source)

<p>Message Matching determines what messages will be monitored by any monitor that uses the Message Matching object. It is a definition of the traffic flow that is monitored.</p><p>To capture all messages, set the HTTP Method field to 'any' and leave all other fields blank.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_message_matching" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_MessageMatching"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `http_header` (Attributes List) Click this tab to add match criteria for inclusive HTTP header fields to the traffic definition. The field with its corresponding value must appear in the HTTP header of the message to qualify for inclusion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--http_header))
- `http_header_exclude` (Attributes List) Click this tab to add match criteria for exclusive HTTP header field to the traffic definition. The field with its corresponding value cannot appear in the HTTP header of the message to qualify for exclusion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--http_header_exclude))
- `http_method` (String) Select the HTTP method included in this traffic definition. The default value is any, which indicates that HTTP method is not a match criteria.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ip_address` (String) Use an IP network address and prefix length to define a contiguous range of IP addresses included in this traffic definition (for example, 10.10.100.0/28 specifies IP addresses 10.10.100.0 through 10.10.100.15, and 10.10.100.19/32 specifies a single host address).
- `ip_exclude` (String) Use an IP network address and prefix length to define a contiguous range of IP addresses excluded from this traffic definition (for example, 10.10.100.0/28 specifies IP addresses 10.10.100.0 through 10.10.100.15, and 10.10.100.19/32 specifies a single host address).
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `request_url` (String) Provide a literal or wildcard expression to define a URL set included in this traffic definition. The following wildcard characters are available when defining the URL set. <table><tr><td valign="top">asterisk (*)</td><td valign="top">Matches 0 or more occurrences of any character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">question mark (?)</td><td valign="top">Matches one occurrence of any single character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">brackets ( [ ] )</td><td valign="top">Defines a character or numeric range. For example, [1-5] matches 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, while xs[dl] matches xsd or xsl.</td></tr></table>
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--http_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.http_header`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Enter the name of the HTTP header field to be examined.
- `value` (String) <p>Provide a literal or wildcard expression to define a set of values to include in or exclude from the traffic definition. If the contents of the specified header field fulfill the defined match criterion, the match succeeds.</p><p>The following wildcard characters are available:</p><table><tr><td valign="top">asterisk (*)</td><td>Matches 0 or more occurrences of any character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">question mark (?)</td><td>Matches one occurrence of any single character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">square brackets ([ ])</td><td>Defines a character or numeric range. <p>For example, [1-5] matches 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, while xs[dl] matches xsd or xsl.</p></td></tr></table>


<a id="nestedatt--result--http_header_exclude"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.http_header_exclude`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Enter the name of the HTTP header field to be examined.
- `value` (String) <p>Provide a literal or wildcard expression to define a set of values to include in or exclude from the traffic definition. If the contents of the specified header field fulfill the defined match criterion, the match succeeds.</p><p>The following wildcard characters are available:</p><table><tr><td valign="top">asterisk (*)</td><td>Matches 0 or more occurrences of any character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">question mark (?)</td><td>Matches one occurrence of any single character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">square brackets ([ ])</td><td>Defines a character or numeric range. <p>For example, [1-5] matches 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, while xs[dl] matches xsd or xsl.</p></td></tr></table>
