docs/data-sources/mgmtinterface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mgmtinterface Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  XML management interface (default domain only)
---

# datapower_mgmtinterface (Data Source)

XML management interface (`default` domain only)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_mgmtinterface" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_mgmtinterface.test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
- `local_address` (String) Local address
- `local_port` (Number) Port number
- `mode` (Attributes) Enabled services
  - CLI Alias: `mode` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mode))
- `slm_peering` (Number) SLM update interval
- `ssl_config_type` (String) Custom TLS server type
- `ssl_server` (String) Custom TLS server profile
- `sslsni_server` (String) Custom TLS SNI server profile
- `user_agent` (String) Custom user agent
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mode`

Read-Only:

- `amp` (Boolean) AMP endpoint
  - Default value: `true`
- `any` (Boolean) SOAP management URI
  - Default value: `true`
- `slm` (Boolean) SLM endpoint
  - Default value: `true`
- `soma` (Boolean) SOAP configuration management
  - Default value: `true`
- `v2004` (Boolean) SOAP configuration management (v2004)
  - Default value: `true`
- `wsdm` (Boolean) WSDM endpoint
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsm` (Boolean) WS-Management endpoint
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsrr_subscription` (Boolean) WSRR subscription
  - Default value: `true`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/mgmtinterface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mgmtinterface Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  XML management interface (default domain only)
---

# datapower_mgmtinterface (Data Source)

XML management interface (`default` domain only)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_mgmtinterface" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_mgmtinterface.test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `acl` (String) Access control list
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
- `local_address` (String) Local address
- `local_port` (Number) Port number
- `mode` (Attributes) Enabled services
  - CLI Alias: `mode` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mode))
- `slm_peering` (Number) SLM update interval
- `ssl_config_type` (String) Custom TLS server type
- `ssl_server` (String) Custom TLS server profile
- `sslsni_server` (String) Custom TLS SNI server profile
- `user_agent` (String) Custom user agent
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mode`

Read-Only:

- `amp` (Boolean) AMP endpoint
  - Default value: `true`
- `any` (Boolean) SOAP management URI
  - Default value: `true`
- `slm` (Boolean) SLM endpoint
  - Default value: `true`
- `soma` (Boolean) SOAP configuration management
  - Default value: `true`
- `v2004` (Boolean) SOAP configuration management (v2004)
  - Default value: `true`
- `wsdm` (Boolean) WSDM endpoint
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsm` (Boolean) WS-Management endpoint
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsrr_subscription` (Boolean) WSRR subscription
  - Default value: `true`
