---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mpgw_error_handling_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Multi-Protocol gateway error policy consists of one or more error actions. A service runs an error action depending on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the action for processing. A service can have one policy active at a time. When an error occurs in the Multi-Protocol Gateway from an HTTP or HTTPS request flow and no precedent error handler handles the error, the service calls the error policy.
---

# datapower_mpgw_error_handling_policy (Data Source)

A Multi-Protocol gateway error policy consists of one or more error actions. A service runs an error action depending on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the action for processing. A service can have one policy active at a time. When an error occurs in the Multi-Protocol Gateway from an HTTP or HTTPS request flow and no precedent error handler handles the error, the service calls the error policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_mpgw_error_handling_policy" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_MPGWErrorHandlingPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `policy_maps` (Attributes List) The policy maps contain a list of error response action rules and their corresponding matching rules. When the policy evaluates the matching rules and finds a match, it runs the corresponding error response action. The policy runs the first error response action with a successful match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policy_maps))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--policy_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policy_maps`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Select the error action that handles the errors and generates responses.
- `match` (String) Select the matching rule that defines the matching criteria.
