---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mpgw_error_action Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define how the Multi-Protocol gateway handles errors and generates error responses to the client.
---

# datapower_mpgw_error_action (Data Source)

Define how the Multi-Protocol gateway handles errors and generates error responses to the client.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_mpgw_error_action" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_MPGWErrorAction"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `error_rule` (String) Specify the custom error rule that the appliance runs to handle errors.
- `header_injection` (Attributes List) Specify the name and the value for the HTTP header that the appliance injects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_injection))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_url` (String) Specify the URL of the local error page.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `reason_phrase` (String) Specify the HTTP reason phrase that the appliance returns to the client. For a proxy mode, the specified reason phrase overrides the fetched value.
- `remote_url` (String) Specify the URL of the remote error page.
- `status_code` (Number) Specify the HTTP status code that the appliance returns to the client. Enter a value in the range 0 - 999.
- `type` (String) Select which mode to handle the errors and generate the responses. The default mode is "Static (Local)".
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--header_injection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_injection`

Read-Only:

- `header_tag` (String) Enter the name of the header to inject. The headers are not defined in the original response. The appliance sends the headers to the client.
- `header_tag_value` (String) Enter the value for the header name.
