---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_nfsclientsettings Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure global NFS client parameters, which is the global configuration to enable NFS.
---

# datapower_nfsclientsettings (Data Source)

Configure global NFS client parameters, which is the global configuration to enable NFS.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_nfsclientsettings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `mount_refresh_time` (Number) Specify the interval between the validation of NFS mounts. The status of each NFS mount is checked at this interval. This check detects whether the NFS server is up or down to prevent application-level NFS timeouts.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
