docs/data-sources/oauthprovidersettings.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_oauthprovidersettings Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OAuth provider settings
---

# datapower_oauthprovidersettings (Data Source)

OAuth provider settings

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_oauthprovidersettings" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_oauthprovidersettings.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `adv_scope_basic_auth_header_name` (String) Basic authentication header name
- `adv_scope_basic_auth_password` (String) Basic authentication password
- `adv_scope_basic_auth_user_name` (String) Basic authentication username
- `adv_scope_tls_profile` (String) TLS profile to access advanced scope URL
- `adv_scope_url_security` (Attributes) Advanced scope endpoint security
  - CLI Alias: `advanced-scope-url-security` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--adv_scope_url_security))
- `adv_scope_url_security_enabled` (Boolean) Enable advanced scope endpoint security
- `adv_scope_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable advanced scope validation
- `advanced_scope_custom_contexts` (String) Response context variables
- `advanced_scope_custom_headers` (String) Request headers
- `advanced_scope_url` (String) Advanced scope URL
- `advanced_scope_url_override` (Boolean) Use URL from API Security Definition
- `api_security_token_manager` (String) API security token manager
- `apic_access_token_ttl` (Number) Access token TTL
- `apic_auth_code_ttl` (Number) Authorization code TTL
- `apic_authorize_endpoint` (String) Authorization endpoint
- `apic_enable_introspection` (Boolean) Enable token introspection
- `apic_enable_oidc` (Boolean) Enable OIDC
- `apic_enable_refresh_token` (Boolean) Enable refresh tokens
- `apic_introspect_endpoint` (String) Introspection endpoint
- `apic_maximum_consent_ttl` (Number) Consent TTL
- `apic_one_time_use_accesstoken` (Boolean) One-time use access token
- `apic_one_time_use_refreshtoken` (Boolean) One-time use refresh token
- `apic_provider_base_path` (String) Provider base path
- `apic_refresh_token_limit` (Number) APIC refresh token count
- `apic_refresh_token_ttl` (Number) Refresh token TTL
- `apic_require_pkce` (Boolean) Require PKCE
- `apic_support_pkce` (Boolean) Support PKCE
- `apic_support_pkce_plain` (Boolean) Support PKCE 'plain' challenge method
- `apic_token_endpoint` (String) Token endpoint
- `apic_token_secret` (String) Token secret
- `apic_token_type_to_generate` (String) Type of token to generate
- `apicoidc_hybrid_response_types` (Attributes) OIDC Hybrid Flow Response Types
  - CLI Alias: `apic-oidc-hybrid-response-types` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--apicoidc_hybrid_response_types))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `application_revocation_endpoint` (String) Application revocation endpoint
- `default_scopes` (String) Default scopes
- `enable_application_revocation` (Boolean) Application revocation
- `enable_debug_mode` (Boolean) Enable debug headers
- `enable_owner_revocation` (Boolean) Resource owner revocation
- `enable_token_management` (Boolean) Enable token management
- `external_revocation_basic_auth_header_name` (String) Basic authentication header name
- `external_revocation_basic_auth_password` (String) Basic authentication password
- `external_revocation_basic_auth_user_name` (String) Basic authentication username
- `external_revocation_cache_time_to_live` (Number) Time to live
- `external_revocation_cache_type` (String) Cache type
- `external_revocation_custom_header_format` (String) Custom header pattern
- `external_revocation_fail_on_error` (Boolean) Fail on error
- `external_revocation_ssl_profile` (String) External management TLS client profile
- `external_revocation_url` (String) External management URL
- `external_revocation_url_security` (Attributes) External management security
  - CLI Alias: `external-revocation-url-security` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--external_revocation_url_security))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `metadata_from` (Attributes) Obtain metadata from
  - CLI Alias: `metadata-from` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--metadata_from))
- `metadata_header_for_access_token` (String) Response header for access token
- `metadata_header_for_payload` (String) Response header for payload
- `metadata_ssl_profile` (String) TLS profile to access metadata URL
- `metadata_url` (String) External metadata URL
- `owner_revocation_endpoint` (String) Resource owner revocation endpoint
- `provider_type` (String) Provider type
- `scopes_allowed` (String) Allowed scopes
- `supported_client_types` (Attributes) Supported client types
  - CLI Alias: `supported-client-types` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--supported_client_types))
- `supported_grant_types` (Attributes) Supported grant types
  - CLI Alias: `supported-grant-types` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--supported_grant_types))
- `third_party_authorization_header_pass_thru` (Boolean) Retain Authorization header
- `third_party_azurl` (String) Authorization endpoint
- `third_party_basic_auth_header_name` (String) Basic authentication header name
- `third_party_custom_header_name_format` (String) Custom header pattern
- `third_party_introspect_basic_auth_password` (String) Basic authentication password
- `third_party_introspect_basic_auth_user_name` (String) Basic authentication username
- `third_party_introspect_cache_time_to_live` (Number) Time to live
- `third_party_introspect_cache_type` (String) Cache type
- `third_party_introspect_ssl_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `third_party_introspect_url` (String) Introspection endpoint
- `third_party_introspect_url_security` (Attributes) Introspection endpoint security
  - CLI Alias: `third-party-introspect-url-security` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--third_party_introspect_url_security))
- `third_party_token_url` (String) Token endpoint
- `token_manager_type` (String) Token manager type
- `token_validation_req` (String) Token validation requirement
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--adv_scope_url_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.adv_scope_url_security`

Read-Only:

- `basic_auth` (Boolean) Basic authentication header
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--result--apicoidc_hybrid_response_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.apicoidc_hybrid_response_types`

Read-Only:

- `code_access_token` (Boolean) code token
  - Default value: `false`
- `code_id_token` (Boolean) code id_token
  - Default value: `true`
- `code_id_token_access_token` (Boolean) code id_token token
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--external_revocation_url_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.external_revocation_url_security`

Read-Only:

- `basic_auth` (Boolean) Basic authentication header
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--result--metadata_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.metadata_from`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_url` (Boolean) Authentication URL
  - Default value: `true`
- `external_url` (Boolean) External metadata URL
  - Default value: `false`
- `none` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--supported_client_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.supported_client_types`

Read-Only:

- `confidential` (Boolean) Confidential
  - Default value: `true`
- `public` (Boolean) Public
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--supported_grant_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.supported_grant_types`

Read-Only:

- `access_code` (Boolean) Authorization code
  - Default value: `true`
- `application` (Boolean) Client credentials
  - Default value: `false`
- `implicit` (Boolean) Implicit
  - Default value: `false`
- `jwt` (Boolean) Resource owner - JSON Web Token
  - Default value: `false`
- `none` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `password` (Boolean) Resource owner - Password
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--third_party_introspect_url_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.third_party_introspect_url_security`

Read-Only:

- `basic_auth` (Boolean) Basic authentication header
  - Default value: `true`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/oauthprovidersettings.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_oauthprovidersettings Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OAuth provider settings
---

# datapower_oauthprovidersettings (Data Source)

OAuth provider settings

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_oauthprovidersettings" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_oauthprovidersettings.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `adv_scope_basic_auth_header_name` (String) Basic authentication header name
- `adv_scope_basic_auth_password` (String) Basic authentication password
- `adv_scope_basic_auth_user_name` (String) Basic authentication username
- `adv_scope_tls_profile` (String) TLS profile to access advanced scope URL
- `adv_scope_url_security` (Attributes) Advanced scope endpoint security
  - CLI Alias: `advanced-scope-url-security` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--adv_scope_url_security))
- `adv_scope_url_security_enabled` (Boolean) Enable advanced scope endpoint security
- `adv_scope_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable advanced scope validation
- `advanced_scope_custom_contexts` (String) Response context variables
- `advanced_scope_custom_headers` (String) Request headers
- `advanced_scope_url` (String) Advanced scope URL
- `advanced_scope_url_override` (Boolean) Use URL from API Security Definition
- `api_security_token_manager` (String) API security token manager
- `apic_access_token_ttl` (Number) Access token TTL
- `apic_auth_code_ttl` (Number) Authorization code TTL
- `apic_authorize_endpoint` (String) Authorization endpoint
- `apic_enable_introspection` (Boolean) Enable token introspection
- `apic_enable_oidc` (Boolean) Enable OIDC
- `apic_enable_refresh_token` (Boolean) Enable refresh tokens
- `apic_introspect_endpoint` (String) Introspection endpoint
- `apic_maximum_consent_ttl` (Number) Consent TTL
- `apic_one_time_use_accesstoken` (Boolean) One-time use access token
- `apic_one_time_use_refreshtoken` (Boolean) One-time use refresh token
- `apic_provider_base_path` (String) Provider base path
- `apic_refresh_token_limit` (Number) APIC refresh token count
- `apic_refresh_token_ttl` (Number) Refresh token TTL
- `apic_require_pkce` (Boolean) Require PKCE
- `apic_support_pkce` (Boolean) Support PKCE
- `apic_support_pkce_plain` (Boolean) Support PKCE 'plain' challenge method
- `apic_token_endpoint` (String) Token endpoint
- `apic_token_secret` (String) Token secret
- `apic_token_type_to_generate` (String) Type of token to generate
- `apicoidc_hybrid_response_types` (Attributes) OIDC Hybrid Flow Response Types
  - CLI Alias: `apic-oidc-hybrid-response-types` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--apicoidc_hybrid_response_types))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `application_revocation_endpoint` (String) Application revocation endpoint
- `default_scopes` (String) Default scopes
- `enable_application_revocation` (Boolean) Application revocation
- `enable_debug_mode` (Boolean) Enable debug headers
- `enable_owner_revocation` (Boolean) Resource owner revocation
- `enable_token_management` (Boolean) Enable token management
- `external_revocation_basic_auth_header_name` (String) Basic authentication header name
- `external_revocation_basic_auth_password` (String) Basic authentication password
- `external_revocation_basic_auth_user_name` (String) Basic authentication username
- `external_revocation_cache_time_to_live` (Number) Time to live
- `external_revocation_cache_type` (String) Cache type
- `external_revocation_custom_header_format` (String) Custom header pattern
- `external_revocation_fail_on_error` (Boolean) Fail on error
- `external_revocation_ssl_profile` (String) External management TLS client profile
- `external_revocation_url` (String) External management URL
- `external_revocation_url_security` (Attributes) External management security
  - CLI Alias: `external-revocation-url-security` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--external_revocation_url_security))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `metadata_from` (Attributes) Obtain metadata from
  - CLI Alias: `metadata-from` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--metadata_from))
- `metadata_header_for_access_token` (String) Response header for access token
- `metadata_header_for_payload` (String) Response header for payload
- `metadata_ssl_profile` (String) TLS profile to access metadata URL
- `metadata_url` (String) External metadata URL
- `owner_revocation_endpoint` (String) Resource owner revocation endpoint
- `provider_type` (String) Provider type
- `scopes_allowed` (String) Allowed scopes
- `supported_client_types` (Attributes) Supported client types
  - CLI Alias: `supported-client-types` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--supported_client_types))
- `supported_grant_types` (Attributes) Supported grant types
  - CLI Alias: `supported-grant-types` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--supported_grant_types))
- `third_party_authorization_header_pass_thru` (Boolean) Retain Authorization header
- `third_party_azurl` (String) Authorization endpoint
- `third_party_basic_auth_header_name` (String) Basic authentication header name
- `third_party_custom_header_name_format` (String) Custom header pattern
- `third_party_introspect_basic_auth_password` (String) Basic authentication password
- `third_party_introspect_basic_auth_user_name` (String) Basic authentication username
- `third_party_introspect_cache_time_to_live` (Number) Time to live
- `third_party_introspect_cache_type` (String) Cache type
- `third_party_introspect_ssl_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `third_party_introspect_url` (String) Introspection endpoint
- `third_party_introspect_url_security` (Attributes) Introspection endpoint security
  - CLI Alias: `third-party-introspect-url-security` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--third_party_introspect_url_security))
- `third_party_token_url` (String) Token endpoint
- `token_manager_type` (String) Token manager type
- `token_validation_req` (String) Token validation requirement
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--adv_scope_url_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.adv_scope_url_security`

Read-Only:

- `basic_auth` (Boolean) Basic authentication header
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--result--apicoidc_hybrid_response_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.apicoidc_hybrid_response_types`

Read-Only:

- `code_access_token` (Boolean) code token
  - Default value: `false`
- `code_id_token` (Boolean) code id_token
  - Default value: `true`
- `code_id_token_access_token` (Boolean) code id_token token
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--external_revocation_url_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.external_revocation_url_security`

Read-Only:

- `basic_auth` (Boolean) Basic authentication header
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--result--metadata_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.metadata_from`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_url` (Boolean) Authentication URL
  - Default value: `true`
- `external_url` (Boolean) External metadata URL
  - Default value: `false`
- `none` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--supported_client_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.supported_client_types`

Read-Only:

- `confidential` (Boolean) Confidential
  - Default value: `true`
- `public` (Boolean) Public
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--supported_grant_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.supported_grant_types`

Read-Only:

- `access_code` (Boolean) Authorization code
  - Default value: `true`
- `application` (Boolean) Client credentials
  - Default value: `false`
- `implicit` (Boolean) Implicit
  - Default value: `false`
- `jwt` (Boolean) Resource owner - JSON Web Token
  - Default value: `false`
- `none` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `password` (Boolean) Resource owner - Password
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--third_party_introspect_url_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.third_party_introspect_url_security`

Read-Only:

- `basic_auth` (Boolean) Basic authentication header
  - Default value: `true`
