---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_odr Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_odr (Data Source)

<p>Specifies an on demand router (ODR). The ODR feature acts as a collection of load balancer groups that distribute traffic to various clusters within a WebSphere cell or Liberty Collective. If multiple ODR connector groups are defined, the ODR distributes traffic to any of the clusters.</p><p>The ODR feature on the DataPower Gateway supports a subset of On Demand Router in Intelligent Management.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_odr" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `odr_connector_groups` (List of String) Define one ODR connector group for each WebSphere cell or Liberty Collective. Each connector group establishes the communications with an Intelligent management service. The DataPower Gateway retrieves topology information, application information, routing rules, and other information over the connectors in the connector group.
- `odr_custom_properties` (Attributes List) <p>Defines custom property name-value strings to connect to Liberty Collective or WebSphere cell to define which ODR connection group accepts routing rules.</p><ul><li>The scheme that the DataPower ODR feature uses to connect to WebSphere Application Server does not apply to Liberty Collective. For any HTTP or HTTPS request to connect to Liberty Collective, you must define the <tt>profileType</tt> property. <ol><li>Set the <b>Name</b> to <tt>profileType</tt> .</li><li>Set the <b>Value</b> to <tt>Liberty</tt> .</li></ol></li><li>To set the name of the ODR connector group from which routing rules are accepted, you must define the <tt>RoutingRulesConnectorClusterName</tt> property. The following example shows setting the <tt>liberty-collective-node03</tt> connector group as the group that accepts routing rules. <ol><li>Set the <b>Name</b> to <tt>RoutingRulesConnectorClusterName</tt> .</li><li>Set the <b>Value</b> to <tt>liberty-collective-node03</tt> .</li></ol></li></ul><p>Beyond these situations, use custom properties only when directed by IBM Support.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--odr_custom_properties))
- `odr_server_name` (String) <p>Enter the name of the ODR routing rules server that is used to determine whether routing rules are delivered to the DataPower Gateway. If the DataPower Gateway is not using routing rules, you can use any server name.</p><p>You must define the <tt>RoutingRulesConnectorClusterName</tt> custom property to set the name of the ODR connector group from which routing rules are accepted.</p><p>The web server name is configured in on one of the following ways. <ul><li>In a Liberty Collective, defined as an attribute of the <tt>routingRules</tt> element.</li><li>In a WebSphere cell as the value of the <tt>serverName</tt> parameter of <tt>WebServerRoutingRule</tt> command.</li></ul></p>
- `user_summary` (String) Enter a descriptive summary for the configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--odr_custom_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `odr_custom_properties`

Read-Only:

- `prop_name` (String) Enter the name of a property.
  - CLI Alias: `odr-prop-name`
- `prop_value` (String) Enter the value of a property.
  - CLI Alias: `odr-prop-value`
