---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_odr_connector_group Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A collection of on demand router (ODR) connectors used to communicate with the Intelligent Management service.
---

# datapower_odr_connector_group (Data Source)

A collection of on demand router (ODR) connectors used to communicate with the Intelligent Management service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_odr_connector_group" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_ODRConnectorGroup"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `max_retry_interval` (Number) The time to wait before attempting to reestablish a connection to the Intelligent Management Service. Enter a value in the range 1 - 120. The default value is 60.
- `odr_conn_group_properties` (Attributes List) The custom properties that are associated with the ODR connector group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--odr_conn_group_properties))
- `odr_group_connectors` (Attributes List) The ODR connectors that are used to retrieve ODR information. An ODR connector defines a connection to the Intelligent Management service. The DataPower Gateway retrieves topology, weights, session affinity, and other information from the WebSphere cell over the connection. If multiple connectors are configured, the top most connection is tried first, followed by the second, and so on. After a connection is established, other endpoints might be retrieved and used if the configured connector endpoint is down. You must define at least one connector in an ODR connector group but cannot define more than 16 connectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--odr_group_connectors))
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_manager` (String) The XML manager to use when processing transactions with the Intelligent management service.

<a id="nestedatt--result--odr_conn_group_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.odr_conn_group_properties`

Read-Only:

- `conn_group_prop_name` (String) The name for a connector group property.
- `conn_group_prop_value` (String) The value for the connector group property.


<a id="nestedatt--result--odr_group_connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.odr_group_connectors`

Read-Only:

- `dmgr_hostname` (String) The host name of the server where the Intelligent management service is enabled.
- `dmgr_port` (Number) The port on the server where the Intelligent management service is enabled.
