---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_open_telemetry_exporter Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry exporter
---

# datapower_open_telemetry_exporter (Data Source)

OpenTelemetry exporter

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_open_telemetry_exporter" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_OpenTelemetryExporter"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `export_delay_interval` (Number) Export interval
- `header` (Attributes List) Headers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header))
- `host_name` (String) Host
- `http_content_type` (String) Content-Type
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `max_export_size` (Number) Max export size
- `max_queue_size` (Number) Max queue size
- `port` (Number) Port
- `processor` (String) Processor
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `proxy_policies` (Attributes List) Proxy policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--proxy_policies))
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
- `traces_path` (String) Traces
- `type` (String) Exporter type
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header`

Read-Only:

- `header_name` (String) Name
- `header_value` (String) Value


<a id="nestedatt--result--proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.proxy_policies`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String) Specify the password alias for authentication.
- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style match pattern that defines a URL set. The URL set is assigned to a specific HTTP proxy.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the hostname or IP address of an HTTP server. With the remote port, this setting designates the HTTP proxy that services the URL set for the match pattern. When Skip is on, the remote host is not used.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port on the HTTP server. With the remote host, this setting designates the HTTP proxy that services the URL set for the match pattern. When Skip is on, the remote port is not used.
- `skip` (Boolean) Specify how to treat the URL set for the match pattern. When set to on, the URL set is not forwarded to an HTTP proxy, and the remote host and remote port of a proxy are not defined. When set to off, the URL set is forwarded to the HTTP proxy designated by the remote host and remote port.
- `user_name` (String) Specify the username for authentication.
