docs/data-sources/password_alias.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_password_alias Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The password map alias provides the mapping of an alias to a plaintext password. The alias is a publicly known reference that is included in configuration files and exports. With an alias you keep the real password secret because the plaintext value for the password is stored in an encrypted file. The password for the alias cannot be viewed or accessed by anyone. Only the system can extract the password that it uses internally. No aliased passwords are written to configuration files. The mapping is not part of a backup or export operation. The mapping is part of the secure backup-restore operations.
---

# datapower_password_alias (Data Source)

The password map alias provides the mapping of an alias to a plaintext password. The alias is a publicly known reference that is included in configuration files and exports. With an alias you keep the real password secret because the plaintext value for the password is stored in an encrypted file. The password for the alias cannot be viewed or accessed by anyone. Only the system can extract the password that it uses internally. <p>No aliased passwords are written to configuration files. The mapping is not part of a backup or export operation. The mapping is part of the secure backup-restore operations.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_password_alias" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/password_alias.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_password_alias Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The password map alias provides the mapping of an alias to a plaintext password. The alias is a publicly known reference that is included in configuration files and exports. With an alias you keep the real password secret because the plaintext value for the password is stored in an encrypted file. The password for the alias cannot be viewed or accessed by anyone. Only the system can extract the password that it uses internally. No aliased passwords are written to configuration files. The mapping is not part of a backup or export operation. The mapping is part of the secure backup-restore operations.
---

# datapower_password_alias (Data Source)

The password map alias provides the mapping of an alias to a plaintext password. The alias is a publicly known reference that is included in configuration files and exports. With an alias you keep the real password secret because the plaintext value for the password is stored in an encrypted file. The password for the alias cannot be viewed or accessed by anyone. Only the system can extract the password that it uses internally. <p>No aliased passwords are written to configuration files. The mapping is not part of a backup or export operation. The mapping is part of the secure backup-restore operations.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_password_alias" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_PasswordAlias"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
