docs/data-sources/peer_group.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_peer_group Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A collection of systems that automatically update each other with real time data of the selected type. For example, members in the group exchange data to allow the enforcement of a policy across the collection.
---

# datapower_peer_group (Data Source)

A collection of systems that automatically update each other with real time data of the selected type. For example, members in the group exchange data to allow the enforcement of a policy across the collection.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_peer_group" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ip_multicast` (String) IP multicast
- `type` (String) Type
- `update_interval` (Number) Specify the update interval in milliseconds that data is transmitted among peers.
- `url` (List of String) Specify the URL of each peer in the <tt>protocol://address:port</tt> format for an Ethernet interface or a VLAN interface. For unicast peering, peers exchange SLM data over the XML management interface as SOAP over HTTPS. Multicast peering shares the initial SLM state using SOAP over HTTPS; the data transfers are done using multicast. <p>The default port for the XML Management Interface is 5550. If this port is changed on any peer, the URL must reflect the correct port.</p><p>Define all peers, which includes the local system.</p>
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/peer_group.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_peer_group Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A collection of systems that automatically update each other with real time data of the selected type. For example, members in the group exchange data to allow the enforcement of a policy across the collection.
---

# datapower_peer_group (Data Source)

A collection of systems that automatically update each other with real time data of the selected type. For example, members in the group exchange data to allow the enforcement of a policy across the collection.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_peer_group" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_PeerGroup"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ip_multicast` (String) IP multicast
- `type` (String) Type
- `update_interval` (Number) Specify the update interval in milliseconds that data is transmitted among peers.
- `url` (List of String) Specify the URL of each peer in the <tt>protocol://address:port</tt> format for an Ethernet interface or a VLAN interface. For unicast peering, peers exchange SLM data over the XML management interface as SOAP over HTTPS. Multicast peering shares the initial SLM state using SOAP over HTTPS; the data transfers are done using multicast. <p>The default port for the XML Management Interface is 5550. If this port is changed on any peer, the URL must reflect the correct port.</p><p>Define all peers, which includes the local system.</p>
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
