---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_processingmetadata Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Processing Metadata object contains a list of metadata items extracted from a message, such as protocol header values, or from the device processing scope, such as system variables. This list, or manifest, of item values is then returned by the metadata object in an XML nodeset. Currently used by an AAA Policy for Identity and Resource extraction.
---

# datapower_processingmetadata (Data Source)

A Processing Metadata object contains a list of metadata items extracted from a message, such as protocol header values, or from the device processing scope, such as system variables. This list, or manifest, of item values is then returned by the metadata object in an XML nodeset. Currently used by an AAA Policy for Identity and Resource extraction.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_processingmetadata" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `meta_item` (Attributes List) Define a metadata item by selecting one from the predefined items for a Processing Metadata Category, or configure a custom metadata item for a "customizable" category to retrieve value from any arbitrary headers or variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--meta_item))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--meta_item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.meta_item`

Read-Only:

- `data_source` (String) For custom items only, enter the name of the protocol header or the name of the variable (service, context, or system) that contains the data to be returned in the metadata XML nodeset. The provided value is the name of the element in the returned nodeset that contains the data.
- `meta_category` (String) Select the category for the Metadata Item. The Metadata Item selections change according to the selected category. To create a custom Metadata Item, select either Custom Header or Custom Variable. For a custom Metadata Item, specify the name of the metadata item and its data source.
  - Choices: `all`, `mq`, `tibco`, `wasjms`, `http`, `CUSTOMIZABLE`, `header`, `variable`
- `meta_name` (String) <p>For all except custom items, select a Metadata Item. The list provides an alias for the actual name of a protocol header or system variable. The elements contained in the XML nodeset that is returned by the Processing Metadata object have names that correspond to the actual data source</p><p>For custom items, enter an alphanumeric string for this custom alias. The string cannot contain white space.</p>
