docs/data-sources/radius_settings.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_radius_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RADIUS settings define RADIUS servers. You can use RADIUS servers to authenticate access with RBM or in a AAA policy. The DataPower Gateway is a client to RADIUS servers.
---

# datapower_radius_settings (Data Source)

RADIUS settings define RADIUS servers. You can use RADIUS servers to authenticate access with RBM or in a AAA policy. The DataPower Gateway is a client to RADIUS servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_radius_settings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `aaa_servers` (Attributes List) AAA and RBM (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aaa_servers))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `retries` (Number) Specify the maximum number of times that the RADIUS client can retransmit an unacknowledged request to a server. Enter a value in the range 1 - 10. The default value is 3.
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the RADIUS retransmit interval in milliseconds. This timeout is the duration that the RADIUS client waits before an unacknowledged request is retransmitted. Enter a value in the range of 1 - 30000. The default value is 1000.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--aaa_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aaa_servers`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Specify the IP address of the RADIUS server.
- `number` (Number) Specify the list position of this RADIUS server within the list of all RADIUS servers known to the client implementation. The lower the number, the more preferred the server.
- `port` (Number) Specify the listening port on the RADIUS server.

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/radius_settings.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_radius_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RADIUS settings define RADIUS servers. You can use RADIUS servers to authenticate access with RBM or in a AAA policy. The DataPower Gateway is a client to RADIUS servers.
---

# datapower_radius_settings (Data Source)

RADIUS settings define RADIUS servers. You can use RADIUS servers to authenticate access with RBM or in a AAA policy. The DataPower Gateway is a client to RADIUS servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_radius_settings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `aaa_servers` (Attributes List) AAA and RBM (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aaa_servers))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `retries` (Number) Specify the maximum number of times that the RADIUS client can retransmit an unacknowledged request to a server. Enter a value in the range 1 - 10. The default value is 3.
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the RADIUS retransmit interval in milliseconds. This timeout is the duration that the RADIUS client waits before an unacknowledged request is retransmitted. Enter a value in the range of 1 - 30000. The default value is 1000.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--aaa_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aaa_servers`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Specify the IP address of the RADIUS server.
- `number` (Number) Specify the list position of this RADIUS server within the list of all RADIUS servers known to the client implementation. The lower the number, the more preferred the server.
- `port` (Number) Specify the listening port on the RADIUS server.
