docs/data-sources/rbmsettings.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_rbmsettings Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RBM settings (default domain only)
---

# datapower_rbmsettings (Data Source)

RBM settings (`default` domain only)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_rbmsettings" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_rbmsettings.test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `apply_to_cli` (Boolean) Enforce RBM on CLI
- `au_cache_allow` (String) Authentication cache mode
- `au_cache_ttl` (Number) Authentication cache lifetime
- `au_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
- `au_force_dnldap_order` (Boolean) Convert DN to LDAP format
- `au_host` (String) Server host
- `au_info_url` (String) XML file URL
- `au_kerberos_keytab` (String) Kerberos keytab
- `au_method` (String) Authentication method
- `au_port` (Number) Server port
- `auldap_bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
- `auldap_bind_password_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
- `auldap_load_balance_group` (String) Load balancer group
- `auldap_prefix` (String) LDAP prefix
- `auldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP read timeout
- `auldap_search_for_dn` (Boolean) Search LDAP for DN
- `auldap_search_parameters` (String) LDAP search parameters
- `auoidc_client_id` (String) Client ID
- `auoidc_client_secret` (String) Client secret
- `auoidc_identity_service_url` (String) Identity service URL
- `auoidc_identity_service_urlssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `auoidc_key_fetch_interval` (Number) Retrieval interval for public keys.
- `auoidc_scope` (String) Scope
- `aussl_valcred` (String) Validation credentials
- `auzosnss_config` (String) z/OS NSS client
- `ca_pub_key_file` (String) CA user public key file
- `cli_timeout` (Number) CLI idle timeout
- `disallow_username_substring` (Boolean) Disallow username substring
- `do_password_aging` (Boolean) Enable aging
- `do_password_history` (Boolean) Control reuse
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
- `fallback_login` (String) Local accounts for fallback
- `fallback_user` (List of String) Fallback users
- `lda_psuffix` (String) LDAP suffix
- `ldap_version` (String) LDAP version
- `ldapssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `ldapssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `lockout_period` (Number) Lockout duration
- `max_failed_login` (Number) Max failed logins
- `max_password_age` (Number) Max age
- `mc_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
- `mc_force_dnldap_order` (Boolean) Convert DN to LDAP format
- `mc_host` (String) Server host
- `mc_info_url` (String) XML file URL
- `mc_method` (String) Credential-mapping method
- `mc_port` (Number) Server port
- `mcldap_bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
- `mcldap_bind_password_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
- `mcldap_load_balance_group` (String) Load balancer group
- `mcldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP read timeout
- `mcldap_search_for_group` (Boolean) Search LDAP for group name
- `mcldap_search_parameters` (String) LDAP search parameters
- `mcldapssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `mcldapssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `min_password_length` (Number) Minimum length
- `num_old_passwords` (Number) Reuse history
- `password_hash_algorithm` (String) Password hash algorithm
- `require_digit` (Boolean) Require number
- `require_mixed_case` (Boolean) Require mixed case
- `require_non_alpha_numeric` (Boolean) Require non-alphanumeric
- `restrict_admin_to_serial_port` (Boolean) Restrict admin to serial
- `revoked_keys` (List of String) Revoked keys
- `sshau_method` (Attributes) SSH authentication method
  - CLI Alias: `ssh-au-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sshau_method))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--sshau_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sshau_method`

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (Boolean) CA-signed user certificate
  - Default value: `false`
- `password` (Boolean) Password
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/rbmsettings.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_rbmsettings Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RBM settings (default domain only)
---

# datapower_rbmsettings (Data Source)

RBM settings (`default` domain only)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_rbmsettings" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_rbmsettings.test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `apply_to_cli` (Boolean) Enforce RBM on CLI
- `au_cache_allow` (String) Authentication cache mode
- `au_cache_ttl` (Number) Authentication cache lifetime
- `au_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
- `au_force_dnldap_order` (Boolean) Convert DN to LDAP format
- `au_host` (String) Server host
- `au_info_url` (String) XML file URL
- `au_kerberos_keytab` (String) Kerberos keytab
- `au_method` (String) Authentication method
- `au_port` (Number) Server port
- `auldap_bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
- `auldap_bind_password_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
- `auldap_load_balance_group` (String) Load balancer group
- `auldap_prefix` (String) LDAP prefix
- `auldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP read timeout
- `auldap_search_for_dn` (Boolean) Search LDAP for DN
- `auldap_search_parameters` (String) LDAP search parameters
- `auoidc_client_id` (String) Client ID
- `auoidc_client_secret` (String) Client secret
- `auoidc_identity_service_url` (String) Identity service URL
- `auoidc_identity_service_urlssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `auoidc_key_fetch_interval` (Number) Retrieval interval for public keys.
- `auoidc_scope` (String) Scope
- `aussl_valcred` (String) Validation credentials
- `auzosnss_config` (String) z/OS NSS client
- `ca_pub_key_file` (String) CA user public key file
- `cli_timeout` (Number) CLI idle timeout
- `disallow_username_substring` (Boolean) Disallow username substring
- `do_password_aging` (Boolean) Enable aging
- `do_password_history` (Boolean) Control reuse
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
- `fallback_login` (String) Local accounts for fallback
- `fallback_user` (List of String) Fallback users
- `lda_psuffix` (String) LDAP suffix
- `ldap_version` (String) LDAP version
- `ldapssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `ldapssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `lockout_period` (Number) Lockout duration
- `max_failed_login` (Number) Max failed logins
- `max_password_age` (Number) Max age
- `mc_custom_url` (String) Custom URL
- `mc_force_dnldap_order` (Boolean) Convert DN to LDAP format
- `mc_host` (String) Server host
- `mc_info_url` (String) XML file URL
- `mc_method` (String) Credential-mapping method
- `mc_port` (Number) Server port
- `mcldap_bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
- `mcldap_bind_password_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
- `mcldap_load_balance_group` (String) Load balancer group
- `mcldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP read timeout
- `mcldap_search_for_group` (Boolean) Search LDAP for group name
- `mcldap_search_parameters` (String) LDAP search parameters
- `mcldapssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `mcldapssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
- `min_password_length` (Number) Minimum length
- `num_old_passwords` (Number) Reuse history
- `password_hash_algorithm` (String) Password hash algorithm
- `require_digit` (Boolean) Require number
- `require_mixed_case` (Boolean) Require mixed case
- `require_non_alpha_numeric` (Boolean) Require non-alphanumeric
- `restrict_admin_to_serial_port` (Boolean) Restrict admin to serial
- `revoked_keys` (List of String) Revoked keys
- `sshau_method` (Attributes) SSH authentication method
  - CLI Alias: `ssh-au-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sshau_method))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--sshau_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sshau_method`

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (Boolean) CA-signed user certificate
  - Default value: `false`
- `password` (Boolean) Password
  - Default value: `false`
