---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_rest_mgmt_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure the REST management interface. If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.
---

# datapower_rest_mgmt_interface (Data Source)

Configure the REST management interface. <p>If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_rest_mgmt_interface" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the TCP port that the interface monitors. The default value is 5554.
- `ssl_config_type` (String) Custom TLS server type
- `ssl_server` (String) Custom TLS server profile
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) Custom TLS SNI server profile
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
