---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_saml_attributes Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define a list of SAML attributes for the SAML Assertion generator.
---

# datapower_saml_attributes (Data Source)

Define a list of SAML attributes for the SAML Assertion generator.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_saml_attributes" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `saml_attribute` (Attributes List) Define an attribute by selecting the source type and specifying the data source and SAML attribute name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--saml_attribute))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--saml_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.saml_attribute`

Read-Only:

- `format` (String) <p>Specify the optional Namespace URI for the SAML 1.x attribute,</p><p>Optional: Specify the NameFormat value for the SAML 2.0 attribute.</p>
- `friendly_name` (String) Specify a meaningful name for the SAML attribute.
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the SAML attribute to be generated. <p>When the Data Source Type is variable, this setting can be an empty string. In that case, the attribute name that is carried by the variable's content is used.</p>
- `source_type` (String) Specify the data source to retrieve the value for each SAML attribute. <p>If the Data Source Type is a variable, configure a DataPower service or context variable name with Data for Attribute Value. That variable must contain a result element with a list of attribute sub elements. Each attribute element must contain a name attribute, which is used to match the Supplementary Data setting. A sample to describe the format of the variable content:</p><p>&lt;result> &lt;attribute-value name="cn">Alice&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;attribute-value name="sn">Alice&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;attribute-value name="creatorsName"> cn=Manager,dc=datapower,dc=com&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;/result></p>
  - Choices: `var`, `xpath`, `static`
- `sub_value_data` (String) <p>When the SAML attribute value is retrieved from a variable as defined in Data for Attribute Value setting, specify the value to match the name attribute of the attribute-value elements that are carried by that variable.</p><p>&lt;result> &lt;attribute-value name="cn">Alice&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;attribute-value name="sn">Alice&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;attribute-value name="creatorsName"> cn=Manager,dc=datapower,dc=com&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;/result></p><p>When this value is empty, the value of each attribute-value element is treated as one SAML AttributeValue. Therefore, if multiple attribute-values are carried by the DataPower variable, there can be multiple SAML AttributeValues in one SAML Attribute element.</p>
- `value_data` (String) Specify the information to get the value for the SAML attribute. <p>If the attribute contains a Static Value per each AAA Policy, specify the static string value.</p><p>If the Data Source Type is variable, specify the variable name. You can input an empty string as the variable name to use the default variable var://context/ldap/auxiliary-attributes. That variable is maintained by the LDAP authentication or authorization to query auxiliary LDAP attributes.</p><p>In any case, the variable that is being used here must contain a result element with a list of attribute sub elements. Each attribute element must contain a name attribute, which is used to match the Supplementary Data setting. The following sample describes the format of the variable content.</p><p>&lt;result> &lt;attribute-value name="cn">Alice&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;attribute-value name="sn">Alice&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;attribute-value name="creatorsName"> cn=Manager,dc=datapower,dc=com&lt;/attribute-value> &lt;/result></p>
- `xpath` (String) Specify the XPATH information to get the value for the SAML attribute when the attribute value is From Input Message, and specify the XPath expression to locate the value. <p>The XML nodes that the XPath expression points to is the value for the SAML attribute.</p>
