---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_schema_exception_map Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This object describes exceptions to an XML Schema by identifying elements of the schema that may be encrypted in an instance document. When Schema Validation is performed on the document using this Exception Map, encrypted elements are considered valid when they appear in place of the specified elements.
---

# datapower_schema_exception_map (Data Source)

This object describes exceptions to an XML Schema by identifying elements of the schema that may be encrypted in an instance document. When Schema Validation is performed on the document using this Exception Map, encrypted elements are considered valid when they appear in place of the specified elements.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_schema_exception_map" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_SchemaExceptionMap"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `original_schema_url` (String) This is the location of the full original schema document. This is required. This may reside on or off the device.
- `schema_exception_rules` (Attributes List) Rules describe what elements may be excepted from the schema validation when the Original Schema is used for Schema Validation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--schema_exception_rules))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--schema_exception_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.schema_exception_rules`

Read-Only:

- `exception_type` (String) Select the Exception type for encryption.
  - Choices: `AllowEncrypted`, `RequireEncrypted`
  - Default value: `AllowEncrypted`
- `xpath` (String) This is an XPath expression that identifies elements of the Schema document. These are the elements excepted from schema validation.
