docs/data-sources/slm_cred_class.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_cred_class Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.
---

# datapower_slm_cred_class (Data Source)

An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. <ul><li>A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.</li><li>A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.</li><li>Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.</li></ul>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_slm_cred_class" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cred_match_type` (String) Match Type
- `cred_type` (String) Specify the manner to obtain the credentials (user identity) for each transaction. The default value is mapped credentials from an AAA action.
- `cred_value` (List of String) Credential value
- `header` (String) Request header
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `stylesheet` (String) Custom stylesheet
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/slm_cred_class.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_cred_class Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.
---

# datapower_slm_cred_class (Data Source)

An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. <ul><li>A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.</li><li>A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.</li><li>Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.</li></ul>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_slm_cred_class" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_SLMCredClass"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cred_match_type` (String) Match Type
- `cred_type` (String) Specify the manner to obtain the credentials (user identity) for each transaction. The default value is mapped credentials from an AAA action.
- `cred_value` (List of String) Credential value
- `header` (String) Request header
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `stylesheet` (String) Custom stylesheet
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
