---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_rsrc_class Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_slm_rsrc_class (Data Source)

<p>An SLM resource class identifies a set of resources to be subject to an SLM policy. A resource class consists of the following types and properties.</p><ul><li>A resource type that specifies the manner to identify resources.</li><li>A match type that determines the resources to apply the policy.</li><li>Depending on the resource and match type, properties that identify specific instances of resources.</li></ul>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_slm_rsrc_class" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `rsrc_match_type` (String) Match type
- `rsrc_type` (String) Resource type
- `rsrc_value` (List of String) Resource value
- `stylesheet` (String) Custom stylesheet
- `subscription` (String) UDDI subscription (deprecated)
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `wsrr_saved_search_subscription` (String) WSRR saved search subscription
- `wsrr_subscription` (String) WSRR subscription
- `xpath_filter` (String) XPath filter

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
