---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_schedule Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SLM schedule defines the time period (hours and days) to enforce the statements in an SLM policy. Schedules allow the application of different statements during different time periods.
---

# datapower_slm_schedule (Data Source)

An SLM schedule defines the time period (hours and days) to enforce the statements in an SLM policy. Schedules allow the application of different statements during different time periods.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_slm_schedule" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_SLMSchedule"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `days_of_week` (Attributes) Specify the days to enforce the schedule. The time and duration apply to all selected days.
  - CLI Alias: `days` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--days_of_week))
- `duration` (Number) Specify the duration in minutes to enforce the schedule. Enter any value of 1 - 1440. The default value is 1440.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `start_date` (String) Start date
- `start_time` (String) Start Time
- `stop_date` (String) Specify the stop date to enforce the schedule. The enforcement period does not include the stop date.
- `time_zone` (String) Specify the time zone to enforce the schedule. The default is the device local time zone.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--days_of_week"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.days_of_week`

Read-Only:

- `friday` (Boolean) Friday
  - Default value: `false`
- `monday` (Boolean) Monday
  - Default value: `false`
- `saturday` (Boolean) Saturday
  - Default value: `false`
- `sunday` (Boolean) Sunday
  - Default value: `false`
- `thursday` (Boolean) Thursday
  - Default value: `false`
- `tuesday` (Boolean) Tuesday
  - Default value: `false`
- `wednesday` (Boolean) Wednesday
  - Default value: `false`
