---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slmaction Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SLM action defines the control procedure to trigger for transactions in excess of the threshold. As part of any control procedure, the monitor writes an event to the log for each transaction that exceeds a threshold.
---

# datapower_slmaction (Data Source)

An SLM action defines the control procedure to trigger for transactions in excess of the threshold. As part of any control procedure, the monitor writes an event to the log for each transaction that exceeds a threshold.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_slmaction" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `log_level` (String) Log priority
- `type` (String) Specify the administrative sanction to trigger for transactions in excess of the threshold. This action is beyond the generation of a log message.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
