---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slmpolicy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_slmpolicy (Data Source)

<p>An SLM policy counts messages or measures latency for messages that match a set of select criteria and that pass through the appliance during a configured interval. The policy can take action when configured thresholds are reached.</p><p>Messages can be selected based on credential class, resource class, or both. If neither, all messages are selected.</p><p>A policy consists of one or more statements. Each statement establishes the credential class, resource class, thresholds, and actions to take when thresholds are met during an interval.</p><p>Examples:</p><ul><li>A policy that throttles all traffic that arrives at a rate faster than 1000 messages per second.</li><li>A policy that generates a log message for all messages that arrive during the last elapsed second that originated from a specific IP address and requested use of a specific resource.</li></ul>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_slmpolicy" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `api_mgmt` (Boolean)
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `execution_policy` (String) Specify the operational behavior of the policy. The default behavior is to process all policy statements.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `peer_group` (String) Specify the peer group that share in load distribution of traffic that is destined for the same resources. A peer group establishes a data-sharing protocol among members where each member has the data to determine whether a threshold is reached.
- `statement` (Attributes List) Specify the policy statement that establishes criteria to select messages, to set a measurement interval, to set thresholds, and to determine the action to take when the threshold is met. A policy can have multiple statements that run in the sequence defined by the statement identifier. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--statement))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.statement`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action
  - Reference to: `datapower_slmaction:id`
- `auto_generated_by_web_gui` (Boolean) Auto-generated (read-only)
  - Default value: `false`
- `burst_limit` (Number) Burst limit
- `cred_class` (String) Credential class
  - Reference to: `datapower_slmcredclass:id`
- `maximum_resources_and_credentials_for_threshold` (Number) Max credentials-resource combinations
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `5000`
- `maximum_total_reporting_records` (Number) Max records across intervals
  - Range: `0`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `5000`
- `release_threshold_level` (Number) High-low release level
  - Range: `0`-`9007199254740991`
  - Default value: `0`
- `reporting_aggregation_interval` (Number) Reporting aggregation interval
- `rsrc_class` (String) Resource class
  - Reference to: `datapower_slmrsrcclass:id`
- `schedule` (String) Schedule
  - Reference to: `datapower_slmschedule:id`
- `slm_id` (Number) Identifier
- `thresh_algorithm` (String) Threshold algorithm
  - Choices: `greater-than`, `less-than`, `token-bucket`, `high-low-thresholds`
  - Default value: `greater-than`
- `thresh_interval_length` (Number) Threshold interval length
- `thresh_interval_type` (String) Threshold interval type
  - Choices: `fixed`, `moving`, `concurrent`
  - Default value: `fixed`
- `threshold_level` (Number) Threshold level
  - Range: `0`-`9007199254740991`
  - Default value: `0`
- `threshold_type` (String) Threshold type
  - Choices: `count-all`, `count-errors`, `latency-internal`, `latency-backend`, `latency-total`, `payload-request`, `payload-response`, `payload-total`
  - Default value: `count-all`
- `user_string` (String) User annotation
