docs/data-sources/soap_header_disposition.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_soap_header_disposition Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The list of instructions provided by customers to control how the SOAP headers and/or children elements are handled. This object is used by store:///soap-refine.xsl transform stylesheet.
---

# datapower_soap_header_disposition (Data Source)

The list of instructions provided by customers to control how the SOAP headers and/or children elements are handled. This object is used by store:///soap-refine.xsl transform stylesheet.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_soap_header_disposition" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_SOAPHeaderDisposition"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `refine` (Attributes List) Customer specifically asks this transformation to simply remove/keep/fault a SOAP header; or indicates whether a header was processed or not by the prior action, then this action will take the default behaviors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--refine))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--refine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.refine`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Specify what action to take for this SOAP header and/or child element.
- `child_local_name` (String) Specify the local name of the SOAP header's child element, the default value is a blank string, which indicates no restriction.
- `local_name` (String) Specify the local name of the SOAP header element, the default value is a blank string, which indicates no restriction.
- `namespace` (String) Specify the namespace URI of the SOAP header element, the default value is a blank string, which indicates no restriction.

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/soap_header_disposition.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_soap_header_disposition Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The list of instructions provided by customers to control how the SOAP headers and/or children elements are handled. This object is used by store:///soap-refine.xsl transform stylesheet.
---

# datapower_soap_header_disposition (Data Source)

The list of instructions provided by customers to control how the SOAP headers and/or children elements are handled. This object is used by store:///soap-refine.xsl transform stylesheet.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_soap_header_disposition" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_SOAPHeaderDisposition"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `refine` (Attributes List) Customer specifically asks this transformation to simply remove/keep/fault a SOAP header; or indicates whether a header was processed or not by the prior action, then this action will take the default behaviors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--refine))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--refine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.refine`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Specify what action to take for this SOAP header and/or child element.
- `child_local_name` (String) Specify the local name of the SOAP header's child element, the default value is a blank string, which indicates no restriction.
- `local_name` (String) Specify the local name of the SOAP header element, the default value is a blank string, which indicates no restriction.
- `namespace` (String) Specify the namespace URI of the SOAP header element, the default value is a blank string, which indicates no restriction.
