---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ssh_server_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The SSH domain client profile defines the cipher suites.
---

# datapower_ssh_server_profile (Data Source)

The SSH domain client profile defines the cipher suites.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_ssh_server_profile" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `ciphers` (List of String) Specify the SSH cipher suites to support.
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `host_key_alg` (Attributes) Host key algorithms
  - CLI Alias: `host-key-alg` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_key_alg))
- `kex_alg` (List of String) Specify the key exchange (KEX) algorithms to support.
- `mac_alg` (List of String) Specify the message authentication codes (MAC) to support.
- `pre_auth_msg` (String) Specify the banner message to display to users before the login prompt. White space characters ( <tt>\n</tt> , <tt>\t</tt> ) are recognized and escaped. The banner message must be at least one character. The banner message is truncated at 4096 characters.
- `send_pre_auth_msg` (Boolean) Specify whether to include a banner message during SSH preauthentication. The banner message contains the text to display to users before the login prompt.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--host_key_alg"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_key_alg`

Read-Only:

- `ecdsa_sha2_nistp256` (Boolean) ecdsa-sha2-nistp256
  - Default value: `false`
- `ecdsa_sha2_nistp384` (Boolean) ecdsa-sha2-nistp384
  - Default value: `false`
- `ecdsa_sha2_nistp521` (Boolean) ecdsa-sha2-nistp521
  - Default value: `false`
- `rsa_sha2_256` (Boolean) rsa-sha2-256
  - Default value: `false`
- `rsa_sha2_512` (Boolean) rsa-sha2-512
  - Default value: `false`
- `ssh_ed25519` (Boolean) ssh-ed25519
  - Default value: `false`
