---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ssl_sni_mapping Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A TLS hostname map defines the SNI map for TLS server profiles.
---

# datapower_ssl_sni_mapping (Data Source)

A TLS hostname map defines the SNI map for TLS server profiles.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_ssl_sni_mapping" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_SSLSNIMapping"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `sni_mapping` (Attributes List) Specify a match pattern to select the TLS server profile based on the SNI hostname sent by the TLS client. The map allows virtual TLS server configuration where different server profiles are used in response to the hostname value in the <tt>ClientHello</tt> SNI extension from the TLS client. In this way, a single IP address and port can be used to host multiple TLS servers with separate crypto keys and certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--sni_mapping))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--sni_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.sni_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `host_name_wildmat` (String) Specify the shell-style pattern to match against the hostname.
- `ssl_server` (String) Specify the TLS server profile to use when a hostname matches the pattern.
