docs/data-sources/sslclientprofile.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_sslclientprofile Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TLS client profile
---

# datapower_sslclientprofile (Data Source)

TLS client profile

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_sslclientprofile" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_sslclientprofile.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cache_size` (Number) Session cache size
- `cache_timeout` (Number) Session cache timeout
- `caching` (Boolean) Enable session caching
- `ciphers` (List of String) Ciphers
- `custom_sni_hostname` (String) Custom SNI hostname
- `disable_renegotiation` (Boolean) Disable renegotiation
- `elliptic_curves` (List of String) Elliptic curves
- `enable_tls13_compat` (Boolean) Enable TLSv1.3 compatibility
- `hostname_validation_fail_on_error` (Boolean) Hostname validation fail on error
- `hostname_validation_flags` (Attributes) Hostname validation flags
  - CLI Alias: `hostname-validation-flags` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--hostname_validation_flags))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `idcred` (String) Identification credentials
- `protocols` (Attributes) Protocols
  - CLI Alias: `protocols` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--protocols))
- `require_closure_notification` (Boolean) Require closure notification
- `sig_algs` (List of String) Signature algorithms
- `ssl_client_features` (Attributes) Features
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ssl_client_features))
- `use_custom_sni_hostname` (Boolean) Use custom SNI host name
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `valcred` (String) Validation credentials
- `validate_hostname` (Boolean) Validate server hostname
- `validate_server_cert` (Boolean) Validate server certificate

<a id="nestedatt--result--hostname_validation_flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.hostname_validation_flags`

Read-Only:

- `x509_check_flag_always_check_subject` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_ALWAYS_CHECK_SUBJECT
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_multi_label_wildcards` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_MULTI_LABEL_WILDCARDS
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_no_partial_wildcards` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_NO_PARTIAL_WILDCARDS
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_no_wildcards` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_NO_WILDCARDS
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_single_label_subdomains` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_SINGLE_LABEL_SUBDOMAINS
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.protocols`

Read-Only:

- `ssl_v3` (Boolean) Enable SSL version 3
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d0` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.0
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d1` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d2` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.2
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d3` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.3
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--result--ssl_client_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ssl_client_features`

Read-Only:

- `compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
  - Default value: `false`
- `permit_insecure_servers` (Boolean) Permit connections without renegotiation
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_sni` (Boolean) Use SNI
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/sslclientprofile.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_sslclientprofile Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TLS client profile
---

# datapower_sslclientprofile (Data Source)

TLS client profile

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_sslclientprofile" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_sslclientprofile.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cache_size` (Number) Session cache size
- `cache_timeout` (Number) Session cache timeout
- `caching` (Boolean) Enable session caching
- `ciphers` (List of String) Ciphers
- `custom_sni_hostname` (String) Custom SNI hostname
- `disable_renegotiation` (Boolean) Disable renegotiation
- `elliptic_curves` (List of String) Elliptic curves
- `enable_tls13_compat` (Boolean) Enable TLSv1.3 compatibility
- `hostname_validation_fail_on_error` (Boolean) Hostname validation fail on error
- `hostname_validation_flags` (Attributes) Hostname validation flags
  - CLI Alias: `hostname-validation-flags` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--hostname_validation_flags))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `idcred` (String) Identification credentials
- `protocols` (Attributes) Protocols
  - CLI Alias: `protocols` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--protocols))
- `require_closure_notification` (Boolean) Require closure notification
- `sig_algs` (List of String) Signature algorithms
- `ssl_client_features` (Attributes) Features
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ssl_client_features))
- `use_custom_sni_hostname` (Boolean) Use custom SNI host name
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `valcred` (String) Validation credentials
- `validate_hostname` (Boolean) Validate server hostname
- `validate_server_cert` (Boolean) Validate server certificate

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--hostname_validation_flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.hostname_validation_flags`

Read-Only:

- `x509_check_flag_always_check_subject` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_ALWAYS_CHECK_SUBJECT
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_multi_label_wildcards` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_MULTI_LABEL_WILDCARDS
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_no_partial_wildcards` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_NO_PARTIAL_WILDCARDS
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_no_wildcards` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_NO_WILDCARDS
  - Default value: `false`
- `x509_check_flag_single_label_subdomains` (Boolean) X509_CHECK_FLAG_SINGLE_LABEL_SUBDOMAINS
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.protocols`

Read-Only:

- `ssl_v3` (Boolean) Enable SSL version 3
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d0` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.0
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d1` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d2` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.2
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d3` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.3
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--result--ssl_client_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ssl_client_features`

Read-Only:

- `compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
  - Default value: `false`
- `permit_insecure_servers` (Boolean) Permit connections without renegotiation
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_sni` (Boolean) Use SNI
  - Default value: `false`
