docs/data-sources/stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler (Data Source)

<p>The configuration for the stateless TCP handler. This protocol uses raw XML - where the close of the root node delineates the document - PI and comments outside of the root node are not allowed.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) This Access Control List will be used to allow or deny access to this service based on the IP address of the client. When attached to a service, an Access Control List (ACL) denies all access by default. To deny access to only selected addresses, first grant access to all addresses (allow 0.0.0.0) and then create deny entries for the desired hosts.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) The address on which the service listens. The default of 0.0.0.0 indicates that the service is active on all addresses. Click Select Alias to use an alias for this value. Local host aliases help to ease migration tasks between machines. See Local Host Alias under Networking for more.
- `local_port` (Number) An integer (within the range 1 through 65535, with a default of 4000) that specifies the port monitored by the service.
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Enable or disable persistent connections where appropriate the front end.
- `ssl_server` (String) The TLS server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway.
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway.
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) The TLS SNI server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler (Data Source)

<p>The configuration for the stateless TCP handler. This protocol uses raw XML - where the close of the root node delineates the document - PI and comments outside of the root node are not allowed.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_stateless_tcp_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_StatelessTCPSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) This Access Control List will be used to allow or deny access to this service based on the IP address of the client. When attached to a service, an Access Control List (ACL) denies all access by default. To deny access to only selected addresses, first grant access to all addresses (allow 0.0.0.0) and then create deny entries for the desired hosts.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) The address on which the service listens. The default of 0.0.0.0 indicates that the service is active on all addresses. Click Select Alias to use an alias for this value. Local host aliases help to ease migration tasks between machines. See Local Host Alias under Networking for more.
- `local_port` (Number) An integer (within the range 1 through 65535, with a default of 4000) that specifies the port monitored by the service.
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Enable or disable persistent connections where appropriate the front end.
- `ssl_server` (String) The TLS server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway.
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway.
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) The TLS SNI server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
