---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_style_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create, Edit or Delete a Processing Policy. A policy consists of one or more Processing Rules. Rules execute depending upon the direction of the message and on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the document for processing. A service may have only one policy active at a time. Click Services in the left-hand navigation menu and then click the appropriate policy link to use the graphical interface to create and edit policies.
---

# datapower_style_policy (Data Source)

Create, Edit or Delete a Processing Policy. A policy consists of one or more Processing Rules. Rules execute depending upon the direction of the message and on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the document for processing. A service may have only one policy active at a time. Click Services in the left-hand navigation menu and then click the appropriate policy link to use the graphical interface to create and edit policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_style_policy" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_StylePolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `def_stylesheet_for_soap` (String) Identify the default style sheet used for SOAP filtering. The default rejects all SOAP documents.
- `def_stylesheet_for_xsl` (String) Identify the default style sheet used for XSL transformation. The default mirrors all documents.
- `def_x_query_for_json` (String) Identify the default XQuery style sheet used for JSON transformation. The default rejects all JSON documents.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `policy_maps` (Attributes List) A list of processing rules their corresponding matching rule that this policy will evaluate. If a match is found, the corresponding processing rule is run. The policy runs the first processing rule with a successful match. Therefore, the order of rules in this list is important. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policy_maps))
- `user_summary` (String) Enter a comment. This appears on the Policy catalog page.

<a id="nestedatt--result--policy_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policy_maps`

Read-Only:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
- `rule` (String) Select the Processing Rule to run.
