docs/data-sources/tam.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_tam Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Access Manager Client
---

# datapower_tam (Data Source)

Access Manager Client

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_tam" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_tam.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `ad_configuration_file` (String) Configuration File for Directories
- `ad_use_ad` (Boolean) Use Active Directory
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Enable Automatic Restart Attempts
- `configuration_file` (String) Configuration File for Access Manager
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ldap_use_ssl` (Boolean) Use TLS with Registry Server
- `ldapssl_key_file` (String) Registry Server TLS Key File
- `ldapssl_key_file_label` (String) Registry Server TLS Key File Label
- `ldapssl_key_file_password_alias` (String) Registry Server TLS Key File Password Alias
- `ldapssl_port` (Number) LDAP TLS Port
- `listen_mode` (Boolean) Accept Update Notifications
- `listen_port` (Number) Update Notification Port
- `long_retry_interval` (Number) Long Attempt Interval
- `poll_interval` (String) Local Database Refresh Interval
- `retry_attempts` (Number) Number of Attempts
- `retry_interval` (Number) Attempt Interval
- `returning_user_attributes` (Boolean) Return User Attributes
- `ssl_key_file` (String) TLS Key File
- `ssl_key_stash_file` (String) TLS Key Stash File
- `tam_choose_nist` (String) Select a NIST Compliance Mode
- `tam_fed_dirs` (Attributes List) Federated directories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tam_fed_dirs))
- `tam_use_basic_user` (Boolean) Enable basic user mode
- `tam_use_fips` (Boolean) Run in FIPS Mode
- `tam_version` (String) Access Manager Client Version
- `tamaz_replicas` (Attributes List) Authorization Server Replicas (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tamaz_replicas))
- `tamras_trace` (Attributes) Trace Logging
  - CLI Alias: `tam-ras-trace` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tamras_trace))
- `use_local_mode` (Boolean) Use Local Policy Database
- `user_no_duplicates` (Boolean) Disallow duplicate principals
- `user_principal_attribute` (String) User principal attribute
- `user_search_suffixes` (List of String) Principal search suffixes
- `user_suffix_optimiser` (Boolean) Enable suffix optimization
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--tam_fed_dirs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tam_fed_dirs`

Read-Only:

- `basic_principal_attribute` (String) Basic user principal attribute
  - CLI Alias: `basic-principal-attribute`
  - Default value: `uid`
- `bind_dn` (String) LDAP administrator DN
  - CLI Alias: `bind-dn`
- `bind_pw` (String) LDAP administrator password alias
  - CLI Alias: `bind-pw`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `fed_name` (String) Name
  - CLI Alias: `federate-name`
- `host` (String) LDAP host
  - CLI Alias: `hostname`
- `key_file_label` (String) LDAP server TLS key file label
  - CLI Alias: `key-file-label`
- `port` (Number) LDAP port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Default value: `389`
- `suffix` (String) Suffix
  - CLI Alias: `suffix`
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Use TLS
  - CLI Alias: `UseSSL`
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--tamaz_replicas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tamaz_replicas`

Read-Only:

- `tamaz_replica` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `host`
- `tamaz_replica_port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Default value: `7136`
- `tamaz_replica_weight` (Number) Weight
  - CLI Alias: `weight`
  - Range: `1`-`10`
  - Default value: `10`


<a id="nestedatt--result--tamras_trace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tamras_trace`

Read-Only:

- `gs_kit_trace_enable` (Boolean) Enable Tracing for GSKit
  - CLI Alias: `enable-gskit-trace`
  - Default value: `false`
- `gs_kit_trace_file` (String) Trace File for GSKit
  - CLI Alias: `gskit-trace-file`
- `gs_kit_trace_flush` (Boolean) Flush GSkit Trace to File
  - CLI Alias: `gskit-trace-flush`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ldap_trace_enable` (Boolean) Enable Tracing for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `enable-ldap-trace`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ldap_trace_file` (String) Trace File for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-trace-file`
- `ldap_trace_level` (Number) Trace Level for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-trace-level`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `ldap_trace_size` (Number) Trace File Size for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-trace-size`
  - Range: `10000`-`10000000`
  - Default value: `10000`
- `tam_trace_components` (String) Trace Components
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-components`
  - Default value: `*:*.9`
- `tam_trace_enable` (Boolean) Enable Access Manager Tracing
  - CLI Alias: `enable-tam-trace`
  - Default value: `false`
- `tam_trace_file` (String) Trace File
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-file`
- `tam_trace_size` (Number) Trace File Entries
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-size`
  - Range: `100`-`1000000`
  - Default value: `100`
- `tam_trace_type` (String) Trace Format
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-type`
  - Choices: `textfile`, `utf8file`, `xmlfile`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/tam.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_tam Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Access Manager Client
---

# datapower_tam (Data Source)

Access Manager Client

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_tam" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_tam.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `ad_configuration_file` (String) Configuration File for Directories
- `ad_use_ad` (Boolean) Use Active Directory
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Enable Automatic Restart Attempts
- `configuration_file` (String) Configuration File for Access Manager
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ldap_use_ssl` (Boolean) Use TLS with Registry Server
- `ldapssl_key_file` (String) Registry Server TLS Key File
- `ldapssl_key_file_label` (String) Registry Server TLS Key File Label
- `ldapssl_key_file_password_alias` (String) Registry Server TLS Key File Password Alias
- `ldapssl_port` (Number) LDAP TLS Port
- `listen_mode` (Boolean) Accept Update Notifications
- `listen_port` (Number) Update Notification Port
- `long_retry_interval` (Number) Long Attempt Interval
- `poll_interval` (String) Local Database Refresh Interval
- `retry_attempts` (Number) Number of Attempts
- `retry_interval` (Number) Attempt Interval
- `returning_user_attributes` (Boolean) Return User Attributes
- `ssl_key_file` (String) TLS Key File
- `ssl_key_stash_file` (String) TLS Key Stash File
- `tam_choose_nist` (String) Select a NIST Compliance Mode
- `tam_fed_dirs` (Attributes List) Federated directories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tam_fed_dirs))
- `tam_use_basic_user` (Boolean) Enable basic user mode
- `tam_use_fips` (Boolean) Run in FIPS Mode
- `tam_version` (String) Access Manager Client Version
- `tamaz_replicas` (Attributes List) Authorization Server Replicas (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tamaz_replicas))
- `tamras_trace` (Attributes) Trace Logging
  - CLI Alias: `tam-ras-trace` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tamras_trace))
- `use_local_mode` (Boolean) Use Local Policy Database
- `user_no_duplicates` (Boolean) Disallow duplicate principals
- `user_principal_attribute` (String) User principal attribute
- `user_search_suffixes` (List of String) Principal search suffixes
- `user_suffix_optimiser` (Boolean) Enable suffix optimization
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--tam_fed_dirs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tam_fed_dirs`

Read-Only:

- `basic_principal_attribute` (String) Basic user principal attribute
  - CLI Alias: `basic-principal-attribute`
  - Default value: `uid`
- `bind_dn` (String) LDAP administrator DN
  - CLI Alias: `bind-dn`
- `bind_pw` (String) LDAP administrator password alias
  - CLI Alias: `bind-pw`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `fed_name` (String) Name
  - CLI Alias: `federate-name`
- `host` (String) LDAP host
  - CLI Alias: `hostname`
- `key_file_label` (String) LDAP server TLS key file label
  - CLI Alias: `key-file-label`
- `port` (Number) LDAP port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Default value: `389`
- `suffix` (String) Suffix
  - CLI Alias: `suffix`
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Use TLS
  - CLI Alias: `UseSSL`
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--result--tamaz_replicas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tamaz_replicas`

Read-Only:

- `tamaz_replica` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `host`
- `tamaz_replica_port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Default value: `7136`
- `tamaz_replica_weight` (Number) Weight
  - CLI Alias: `weight`
  - Range: `1`-`10`
  - Default value: `10`


<a id="nestedatt--result--tamras_trace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tamras_trace`

Read-Only:

- `gs_kit_trace_enable` (Boolean) Enable Tracing for GSKit
  - CLI Alias: `enable-gskit-trace`
  - Default value: `false`
- `gs_kit_trace_file` (String) Trace File for GSKit
  - CLI Alias: `gskit-trace-file`
- `gs_kit_trace_flush` (Boolean) Flush GSkit Trace to File
  - CLI Alias: `gskit-trace-flush`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ldap_trace_enable` (Boolean) Enable Tracing for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `enable-ldap-trace`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ldap_trace_file` (String) Trace File for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-trace-file`
- `ldap_trace_level` (Number) Trace Level for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-trace-level`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `ldap_trace_size` (Number) Trace File Size for LDAP
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-trace-size`
  - Range: `10000`-`10000000`
  - Default value: `10000`
- `tam_trace_components` (String) Trace Components
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-components`
  - Default value: `*:*.9`
- `tam_trace_enable` (Boolean) Enable Access Manager Tracing
  - CLI Alias: `enable-tam-trace`
  - Default value: `false`
- `tam_trace_file` (String) Trace File
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-file`
- `tam_trace_size` (Number) Trace File Entries
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-size`
  - Range: `100`-`1000000`
  - Default value: `100`
- `tam_trace_type` (String) Trace Format
  - CLI Alias: `tam-trace-type`
  - Choices: `textfile`, `utf8file`, `xmlfile`
