docs/data-sources/tcp_proxy_service.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_tcp_proxy_service Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a TCP Proxy service.
---

# datapower_tcp_proxy_service (Data Source)

Creates a TCP Proxy service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_tcp_proxy_service" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
- `local_port` (Number) An integer (within the range 1 through 65535) that specifies the port monitored by the TCP proxy
- `priority` (String) Control the service scheduling priority. When system resources are in high demand, "high" priority services will be favored over lower priority services.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the remote host for which this proxy is accepting TCP traffic. TCP traffic sent to the proxy will in turn be sent to this host. Click Ping to verify connectivity.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port number of the remote host, specify with Remote Host, for which this proxy is accepting TCP traffic.
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle time that is allowed for the front side connection and the server side connection. After the time is reached, the idle connections are terminated. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 360. A value of 0 disables the idle timer.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/tcp_proxy_service.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_tcp_proxy_service Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a TCP Proxy service.
---

# datapower_tcp_proxy_service (Data Source)

Creates a TCP Proxy service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_tcp_proxy_service" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_TCPProxyService"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
- `local_port` (Number) An integer (within the range 1 through 65535) that specifies the port monitored by the TCP proxy
- `priority` (String) Control the service scheduling priority. When system resources are in high demand, "high" priority services will be favored over lower priority services.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the remote host for which this proxy is accepting TCP traffic. TCP traffic sent to the proxy will in turn be sent to this host. Click Ping to verify connectivity.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port number of the remote host, specify with Remote Host, for which this proxy is accepting TCP traffic.
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle time that is allowed for the front side connection and the server side connection. After the time is reached, the idle connections are terminated. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 360. A value of 0 disables the idle timer.
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
