---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_throttler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define throttle settings that monitor memory, temporary file space, XML names, and JSON keys. The system responds to low conditions by refusing to accept new connections. If the refusal does not free sufficient resources after the defined duration, the system restarts.
---

# datapower_throttler (Data Source)

Define throttle settings that monitor memory, temporary file space, XML names, and JSON keys. The system responds to low conditions by refusing to accept new connections. If the refusal does not free sufficient resources after the defined duration, the system restarts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_throttler" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

### Read-Only

- `backlog_size` (Number) Specify the size of the backlog queue where incoming requests are routed if a throttling threshold is reached. Enter a value in the range 0 - 500. The default value is 0, which indicates that no requests are routed to the backlog queue.
- `backlog_timeout` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds that a request remains in the backlog queue before it is rejected if a throttling threshold is reached. Specify a value that is less than the timeout value of your browser. The default value is 30.
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `environmental_log` (Boolean) Specify whether to collect messages about fans and power supplies and generate messages if a failure event occurs. By default, monitoring is enabled.
- `log_level` (String) Specify the criticality level for throttle messages. By default, logging is at debug level.
- `qname_warn_at` (Number) <p>Specify the threshold as a percentage of available XML names and JSON keys before the system writes an alert to the logs. This threshold is when the number of available XML names or JSON keys in any pool is less than the threshold. Enter a value in the range 5 - 100. The default value is 10.</p><p>As this threshold is approached, the system attempts to free unused resources to prevent this threshold from being reached. If you receive this alert, schedule a reload as soon as possible to prevent an unscheduled restart. If the percentage for any resource pool is less than 5%, the system reboots.</p>
- `statistics` (Boolean) Specify whether to collect throttle log messages. By default, logging is disabled.
- `temp_fs_terminate_at` (Number) Specify the terminate threshold as a percentage of available temporary file space. At this threshold, the system reboots. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 0.
- `temp_fs_throttle_at` (Number) Specify the throttle threshold as a percentage of available temporary file space. At this threshold, the system rejects new connections for the timeout period to allow temporary file space usage to recover. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 0.
- `terminate_at` (Number) Specify the terminate threshold as a percentage of available memory. At this threshold, the system reboots. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 5.
- `throttle_at` (Number) Specify the throttle threshold as a percentage of available memory. At this threshold, the system rejects new connections for the timeout period to allow memory usage to recover. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 20.
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to reject new connections after a throttle threshold is reached. The default value is 30.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
