docs/data-sources/url_refresh_policy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_url_refresh_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure/Edit URL Refresh Policies
---

# datapower_url_refresh_policy (Data Source)

Configure/Edit URL Refresh Policies

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_url_refresh_policy" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url_refresh_rule` (Attributes List) Add, edit or delete a refresh rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.url_refresh_rule`

Read-Only:

- `url_map` (String) URL maps contain one or more shell-style (wildcard) match patterns. Use the values list to select the URL map that supplies the match criteria for the URL Refresh Policy.
  - CLI Alias: `urlmap`
  - Reference to: `datapower_url_map:id`
- `url_refresh_interval` (Number) Not used when the refresh rule type is no-cache, specifies the update frequency for stylesheets that fulfill the match criteria.
  - CLI Alias: `interval`
  - Default value: `0`
  - Required When: `url_refresh_policy`=`default`|`no-flush`|`protocol-specified`
  - Not Valid When: `url_refresh_policy`=`no-cache`
- `url_refresh_policy` (String) Specify how to cache a stylesheet that is obtained with a URL refresh operation. The default is default.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `default`, `no-cache`, `no-flush`, `protocol-specified`
  - Default value: `default`

Commit message:

Added retrieve object by name option to datasources.

docs/data-sources/url_refresh_policy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_url_refresh_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure/Edit URL Refresh Policies
---

# datapower_url_refresh_policy (Data Source)

Configure/Edit URL Refresh Policies

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_url_refresh_policy" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_URLRefreshPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url_refresh_rule` (Attributes List) Add, edit or delete a refresh rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.url_refresh_rule`

Read-Only:

- `url_map` (String) URL maps contain one or more shell-style (wildcard) match patterns. Use the values list to select the URL map that supplies the match criteria for the URL Refresh Policy.
  - CLI Alias: `urlmap`
  - Reference to: `datapower_url_map:id`
- `url_refresh_interval` (Number) Not used when the refresh rule type is no-cache, specifies the update frequency for stylesheets that fulfill the match criteria.
  - CLI Alias: `interval`
  - Default value: `0`
  - Required When: `url_refresh_policy`=`default`|`no-flush`|`protocol-specified`
  - Not Valid When: `url_refresh_policy`=`no-cache`
- `url_refresh_policy` (String) Specify how to cache a stylesheet that is obtained with a URL refresh operation. The default is default.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `default`, `no-cache`, `no-flush`, `protocol-specified`
  - Default value: `default`
