docs/data-sources/urlrefreshpolicy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_urlrefreshpolicy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  URL Refresh Policy
---

# datapower_urlrefreshpolicy (Data Source)

URL Refresh Policy

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_urlrefreshpolicy" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_urlrefreshpolicy.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url_refresh_rule` (Attributes List) URL Refresh Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.url_refresh_rule`

Read-Only:

- `url_map` (String) URL Map
  - CLI Alias: `urlmap`
  - Reference to: `datapower_urlmap:id`
- `url_refresh_interval` (Number) Refresh Interval
  - CLI Alias: `interval`
  - Default value: `0`
- `url_refresh_policy` (String) Refresh Rule Type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `default`, `no-cache`, `no-flush`, `protocol-specified`
  - Default value: `default`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/urlrefreshpolicy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_urlrefreshpolicy Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  URL Refresh Policy
---

# datapower_urlrefreshpolicy (Data Source)

URL Refresh Policy

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_urlrefreshpolicy" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_urlrefreshpolicy.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url_refresh_rule` (Attributes List) URL Refresh Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--url_refresh_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.url_refresh_rule`

Read-Only:

- `url_map` (String) URL Map
  - CLI Alias: `urlmap`
  - Reference to: `datapower_urlmap:id`
- `url_refresh_interval` (Number) Refresh Interval
  - CLI Alias: `interval`
  - Default value: `0`
- `url_refresh_policy` (String) Refresh Rule Type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `default`, `no-cache`, `no-flush`, `protocol-specified`
  - Default value: `default`
