docs/data-sources/user.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_user Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create or edit a local user account. When you modify a local user account, the changes do not affect remote user accounts in a role-based management XML information file. An administrator can change the password for the account. An administrator can force the account owner to change the password during the next log in attempt.
---

# datapower_user (Data Source)

Create or edit a local user account. When you modify a local user account, the changes do not affect remote user accounts in a role-based management XML information file. <p>An administrator can change the password for the account. An administrator can force the account owner to change the password during the next log in attempt.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_user" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_User"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `access_level` (String) Access level
- `group_name` (String) Specify the user group for the user account. Each user group has an access profile to manage access rights. A user account inherits access rights from its user group.
- `hashed_snmp_creds` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--hashed_snmp_creds))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `snmp_creds` (Attributes List) Specify SNMP V3 credentials for the user account. SNMP V3 users are a type of user account with SNMP V3 credentials. This type of user account creates an account and adds SNMP V3 credentials. Each account can have multiple SNMP V3 credentials, one for each SNMP V3 engine that is identified by an engine ID value. The current implementation supports an SNMP V3 credential for the local engine ID only. Therefore, define only one SNMP V3 credential for each account. <p>SNMP V3 requests can use authentication with the <tt>AuthKey</tt> and can use privacy (encryption and decryption) with the <tt>PrivKey</tt> . The use of these keys is between the user and the local SNMP engine. <ul><li>The <tt>AuthKey</tt> provides data integrity and data origin authentication.</li><li>The <tt>PrivKey</tt> provides data encryption and decryption.</li></ul></p><p>The <tt>AuthKey</tt> and the <tt>PrivKey</tt> can be explicit values or be generated by the DataPower Gateway. Specifying explicit values is useful when the key is created on another system. <ul><li>When the authentication protocol is MD5, enter the hex representation of the 16-byte key.</li><li>When the authentication protocol is SHA, enter the hex representation of the 20-byte key.</li><li>When the DataPower Gateway generates and stores the appropriate length key, enter a plaintext string that is at least 8 characters long as the hash.</li></ul></p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--snmp_creds))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--hashed_snmp_creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.hashed_snmp_creds`

Read-Only:

- `auth_protocol` (String)
- `auth_secret` (String)
- `auth_secret_type` (String)
- `engine_id` (String)
- `priv_protocol` (String)
- `priv_secret` (String)
- `priv_secret_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result--snmp_creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.snmp_creds`

Read-Only:

- `auth_protocol` (String) Specify the authentication protocol.
- `auth_secret_type` (String) Specify the format of the authentication key.
- `engine_id` (String) Specify the SNMPv3 engine ID. The value of 0 represents the local engine ID. For any other engine ID, the value is a hex string that represents the 5 - 32 byte value.
- `priv_protocol` (String) Specify the privacy protocol.
- `priv_secret_type` (String) Specify the format of the privacy key. When the privacy protocol is AED or DES, whether the <tt>PrivKey</tt> is generated from a plaintext string or is an explicit key value.

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/user.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_user Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create or edit a local user account. When you modify a local user account, the changes do not affect remote user accounts in a role-based management XML information file. An administrator can change the password for the account. An administrator can force the account owner to change the password during the next log in attempt.
---

# datapower_user (Data Source)

Create or edit a local user account. When you modify a local user account, the changes do not affect remote user accounts in a role-based management XML information file. <p>An administrator can change the password for the account. An administrator can force the account owner to change the password during the next log in attempt.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_user" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_User"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `access_level` (String) Access level
- `group_name` (String) Specify the user group for the user account. Each user group has an access profile to manage access rights. A user account inherits access rights from its user group.
- `hashed_snmp_creds` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--hashed_snmp_creds))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `snmp_creds` (Attributes List) Specify SNMP V3 credentials for the user account. SNMP V3 users are a type of user account with SNMP V3 credentials. This type of user account creates an account and adds SNMP V3 credentials. Each account can have multiple SNMP V3 credentials, one for each SNMP V3 engine that is identified by an engine ID value. The current implementation supports an SNMP V3 credential for the local engine ID only. Therefore, define only one SNMP V3 credential for each account. <p>SNMP V3 requests can use authentication with the <tt>AuthKey</tt> and can use privacy (encryption and decryption) with the <tt>PrivKey</tt> . The use of these keys is between the user and the local SNMP engine. <ul><li>The <tt>AuthKey</tt> provides data integrity and data origin authentication.</li><li>The <tt>PrivKey</tt> provides data encryption and decryption.</li></ul></p><p>The <tt>AuthKey</tt> and the <tt>PrivKey</tt> can be explicit values or be generated by the DataPower Gateway. Specifying explicit values is useful when the key is created on another system. <ul><li>When the authentication protocol is MD5, enter the hex representation of the 16-byte key.</li><li>When the authentication protocol is SHA, enter the hex representation of the 20-byte key.</li><li>When the DataPower Gateway generates and stores the appropriate length key, enter a plaintext string that is at least 8 characters long as the hash.</li></ul></p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--snmp_creds))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--hashed_snmp_creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.hashed_snmp_creds`

Read-Only:

- `auth_protocol` (String)
- `auth_secret` (String)
- `auth_secret_type` (String)
- `engine_id` (String)
- `priv_protocol` (String)
- `priv_secret` (String)
- `priv_secret_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result--snmp_creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.snmp_creds`

Read-Only:

- `auth_protocol` (String) Specify the authentication protocol.
- `auth_secret_type` (String) Specify the format of the authentication key.
- `engine_id` (String) Specify the SNMPv3 engine ID. The value of 0 represents the local engine ID. For any other engine ID, the value is a hex string that represents the 5 - 32 byte value.
- `priv_protocol` (String) Specify the privacy protocol.
- `priv_secret_type` (String) Specify the format of the privacy key. When the privacy protocol is AED or DES, whether the <tt>PrivKey</tt> is generated from a plaintext string or is an explicit key value.
