docs/data-sources/user_group.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_user_group Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create or edit user groups and their access privileges.
---

# datapower_user_group (Data Source)

Create or edit user groups and their access privileges.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_user_group" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_UserGroup"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `access_policies` (List of String) Specify the access policies that define privileges for the access profile. When more than one policy applies to a resource, the most specific policy is used. To create access policies, enter a policy statement in the following format. <p><tt><i>address</i> / <i>domain</i> / <i>resource</i> ?Access= <i>privileges</i> &amp; <i>field</i> = <i>value</i></tt></p><dl><dt><i>address</i></dt><dd>The complete local IP address or host alias. Use the * character to designate all addresses.</dd><dt><i>domain</i></dt><dd>The complete domain name. Use the * character to designate all domains.</dd><dt>resource</dt><dd>The complete value for the resource type. Use the * character to designate all resource types.</dd><dt><i>privileges</i></dt><dd>The privileges to apply. Separate permissions with the + character. For example, <tt>a+d+x+r+w</tt> defines add, delete, execute, read, and write privileges.</dd><dt><i>field</i></dt><dd>The complete name of a specific property in the configuration; for example, <tt>Name</tt> .</dd><dt><i>value</i></dt><dd>The PCRE match for the property value; For example, <tt>foo(.*)bar</tt> .</dd></dl>
- `command_group` (List of String) Specify the command groups to which the user group has CLI access. This property is superseded by the access profile when role-based management is applied to the CLI.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/user_group.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_user_group Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create or edit user groups and their access privileges.
---

# datapower_user_group (Data Source)

Create or edit user groups and their access privileges.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_user_group" "test" {
  id = "AccTest_UserGroup"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `access_policies` (List of String) Specify the access policies that define privileges for the access profile. When more than one policy applies to a resource, the most specific policy is used. To create access policies, enter a policy statement in the following format. <p><tt><i>address</i> / <i>domain</i> / <i>resource</i> ?Access= <i>privileges</i> &amp; <i>field</i> = <i>value</i></tt></p><dl><dt><i>address</i></dt><dd>The complete local IP address or host alias. Use the * character to designate all addresses.</dd><dt><i>domain</i></dt><dd>The complete domain name. Use the * character to designate all domains.</dd><dt>resource</dt><dd>The complete value for the resource type. Use the * character to designate all resource types.</dd><dt><i>privileges</i></dt><dd>The privileges to apply. Separate permissions with the + character. For example, <tt>a+d+x+r+w</tt> defines add, delete, execute, read, and write privileges.</dd><dt><i>field</i></dt><dd>The complete name of a specific property in the configuration; for example, <tt>Name</tt> .</dd><dt><i>value</i></dt><dd>The PCRE match for the property value; For example, <tt>foo(.*)bar</tt> .</dd></dl>
- `command_group` (List of String) Specify the command groups to which the user group has CLI access. This property is superseded by the access profile when role-based management is applied to the CLI.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
