docs/data-sources/web_app_response.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_response Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
---

# datapower_web_app_response (Data Source)

The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_web_app_response" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WebAppResponse"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `content_types` (List of String) A list of PCRE regular expressions that indicate acceptable content-type MIME headers on the response. If this list is empty, any content-type is acceptable. If the response does not have a content type that will be represented as an empty string for matching purposes. An empty list will match all content types.
- `error_policy` (String) If this response policy is violated the firewall error policy will be invoked unless this more specific error policy is provided, in which case this policy takes precedence.
- `header_gnvc` (String) The validation profile allows you to specify what headers are expected, what headers should be stripped, and what headers should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any header is allowed.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `max_body_size` (Number) Specify the maximum size of the response body.
- `min_body_size` (Number) Specify the minimum size of the response body.
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that do not contain an XML MIME type.
- `non_xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response does not contain an XML MIME type and the Non-XML processing policy is set to binary or side-effect.
- `ok_codes` (Attributes) Specify which response codes from the backend server are acceptable.
  - CLI Alias: `response-codes` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_codes))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP versions are acceptable from the backend server.
  - CLI Alias: `response-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Select the satisfaction policy for the profile. The default is Admission.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that contain an XML MIME type.
- `xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response contains an XML MIME type and the XML processing policy is set to XML or SOAP.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_codes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_codes`

Read-Only:

- `http_100` (Boolean) 100 Continue
- `http_101` (Boolean) 101 Switching Protocols
- `http_200` (Boolean) 200 OK
- `http_201` (Boolean) 201 Created
- `http_202` (Boolean) 202 Accepted
- `http_203` (Boolean) 203 Non-Authoritative Information
- `http_204` (Boolean) 204 No Content
- `http_205` (Boolean) 205 Reset Content
- `http_206` (Boolean) 206 Partial Content
- `http_300` (Boolean) 300 Multiple Choices
- `http_301` (Boolean) 301 Moved
- `http_302` (Boolean) 302 Found
- `http_303` (Boolean) 303 See Other
- `http_304` (Boolean) 304 Not Modified
- `http_305` (Boolean) 305 Use Proxy
- `http_307` (Boolean) 307 Temporary Redirect
- `http_400` (Boolean) 400 Bad Request
- `http_401` (Boolean) 401 Unauthorized
- `http_402` (Boolean) 402 Payment Required
- `http_403` (Boolean) 403 Forbidden
- `http_404` (Boolean) 404 Not Found
- `http_405` (Boolean) 405 Method Not Allowed
- `http_406` (Boolean) 406 Not Acceptable
- `http_407` (Boolean) 407 Proxy Authentication Required
- `http_408` (Boolean) 408 Request Timeout
- `http_409` (Boolean) 409 Conflict
- `http_410` (Boolean) 410 Gone
- `http_411` (Boolean) 411 Length required
- `http_412` (Boolean) 412 Precondition Failed
- `http_413` (Boolean) 413 Request Entity Too Large
- `http_500` (Boolean) 500 Server Error
- `http_503` (Boolean) 503 Service Unavailable


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_versions`

Read-Only:

- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/web_app_response.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_response Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
---

# datapower_web_app_response (Data Source)

The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_web_app_response" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WebAppResponse"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `content_types` (List of String) A list of PCRE regular expressions that indicate acceptable content-type MIME headers on the response. If this list is empty, any content-type is acceptable. If the response does not have a content type that will be represented as an empty string for matching purposes. An empty list will match all content types.
- `error_policy` (String) If this response policy is violated the firewall error policy will be invoked unless this more specific error policy is provided, in which case this policy takes precedence.
- `header_gnvc` (String) The validation profile allows you to specify what headers are expected, what headers should be stripped, and what headers should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any header is allowed.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `max_body_size` (Number) Specify the maximum size of the response body.
- `min_body_size` (Number) Specify the minimum size of the response body.
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that do not contain an XML MIME type.
- `non_xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response does not contain an XML MIME type and the Non-XML processing policy is set to binary or side-effect.
- `ok_codes` (Attributes) Specify which response codes from the backend server are acceptable.
  - CLI Alias: `response-codes` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_codes))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP versions are acceptable from the backend server.
  - CLI Alias: `response-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Select the satisfaction policy for the profile. The default is Admission.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that contain an XML MIME type.
- `xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response contains an XML MIME type and the XML processing policy is set to XML or SOAP.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_codes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_codes`

Read-Only:

- `http_100` (Boolean) 100 Continue
- `http_101` (Boolean) 101 Switching Protocols
- `http_200` (Boolean) 200 OK
- `http_201` (Boolean) 201 Created
- `http_202` (Boolean) 202 Accepted
- `http_203` (Boolean) 203 Non-Authoritative Information
- `http_204` (Boolean) 204 No Content
- `http_205` (Boolean) 205 Reset Content
- `http_206` (Boolean) 206 Partial Content
- `http_300` (Boolean) 300 Multiple Choices
- `http_301` (Boolean) 301 Moved
- `http_302` (Boolean) 302 Found
- `http_303` (Boolean) 303 See Other
- `http_304` (Boolean) 304 Not Modified
- `http_305` (Boolean) 305 Use Proxy
- `http_307` (Boolean) 307 Temporary Redirect
- `http_400` (Boolean) 400 Bad Request
- `http_401` (Boolean) 401 Unauthorized
- `http_402` (Boolean) 402 Payment Required
- `http_403` (Boolean) 403 Forbidden
- `http_404` (Boolean) 404 Not Found
- `http_405` (Boolean) 405 Method Not Allowed
- `http_406` (Boolean) 406 Not Acceptable
- `http_407` (Boolean) 407 Proxy Authentication Required
- `http_408` (Boolean) 408 Request Timeout
- `http_409` (Boolean) 409 Conflict
- `http_410` (Boolean) 410 Gone
- `http_411` (Boolean) 411 Length required
- `http_412` (Boolean) 412 Precondition Failed
- `http_413` (Boolean) 413 Request Entity Too Large
- `http_500` (Boolean) 500 Server Error
- `http_503` (Boolean) 503 Service Unavailable


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_versions`

Read-Only:

- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1
