---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_b2b_viewer Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure web access to the B2B transaction viewer. If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.
---

# datapower_web_b2b_viewer (Data Source)

Configure web access to the B2B transaction viewer. If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_web_b2b_viewer" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `acl` (String) Edit the <tt>web-b2b-viewer</tt> access control list to define the client IP addresses to allow or deny.
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Specify the time after which an idle session is invalidated, which requires reauthentication. To disable the idle timer, enter 0.
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the TCP port that the B2B viewer monitors. The default value is 9091.
- `ssl_server` (String) Custom TLS server profile
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) Custom TLS server type
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) Custom TLS SNI server profile
- `user_agent` (String) Custom user agent
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
