---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_fw Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web application firewall provides filtering, security, and input validation for HTTP transactions.
---

# datapower_web_app_fw (Data Source)

The web application firewall provides filtering, security, and input validation for HTTP transactions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_web_app_fw" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `allow_cache_control_header` (Boolean) Specify whether to allow the HTTP GET method to pass the Cache-Control header through to the back end. If disabled, a "Cache-Control:no-transform" header is passed. If enabled, the client request can specify the cache control behavior, or if the client request does not specify the Cache-Control header, a "Cache-Control:no-transform" header is passed.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `back_http_version` (String) Select the HTTP version to use on the server-side connection. The default is HTTP 1.1.
- `back_persistent_timeout` (Number) <p>Specify the maximum inter-transaction idle time in seconds for Web Application Firewall to server connections. This value is the maximum idle time between the completion of a TCP transaction and the initiation of a new TCP transaction on this connection. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 180. A value of 0 disables persistent connections.</p><p><b>Note:</b> For HTTP GET and HEAD requests, the service attempts the connection again after the specified value, Therefore, the actual timeout is twice the specified value.</p><p>An idle TCP connection can remain in the idle state for 20 seconds after the expiration of the persistence timer.</p>
- `back_timeout` (Number) Set the intra-transaction timeout for Web Application Firewall to server connections. This value is the maximum idle time to allow in a transaction on the Web Application Firewall to server connection. This timer monitors the idle time in the data transfer process. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 120.
- `debug_history` (Number) Set the number of records for transaction diagnostics in the probe. Enter a value in the range 10 - 250. The default value is 25.
- `debug_mode` (String) <p>Select the diagnostic mode for processing policies. When enabled, you can view details about the state of variables and contexts for a captured transaction in the probe. The default value is <tt>off</tt> .</p><p>Transaction diagnostic mode is not intended for use in a production environment. Transaction diagnostic mode consumes significant resources that can slow down transaction processing.</p>
- `debug_trigger` (Attributes List) The probe captures transactions that meet one or more of the conditions defined by the triggers. These triggers examine the direction or type of the message flow and examine the message for an XPath expression match. When a message meets one of these conditions, the transaction is captured in diagnostics mode and becomes part of the list of transactions that can be viewed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--debug_trigger))
- `delay_errors` (Boolean) The timing difference of the error messages returned after a decryption action can provide an attacker with enough information to determine the contents of the plain-text data. When enabled, the default, the DataPower Gateway delays error messages for the defined duration. When disabled, the DataPower Gateway does not delay error messages.
- `delay_errors_duration` (Number) When enabling the delay of error messages, specify the delay duration in milliseconds. If delaying messages for 3000ms, the DataPower Gateway will not send error messages to the client until 3 seconds have elapsed since the DataPower Gateway performed decryption on the requests. Use any value of 250 - 300000. The default value is 1000.
- `do_chunked_upload` (Boolean) Use the radio buttons to enable (on) or disable (off) the ability to send Content-Type Chunked Encoded documents to the back end server. When the device employs the HTTP/1.1 protocol, the body of the document can be delimited by either Content-Length or chunked encodings. While all servers will understand how to interpret Content-Length, many applications will fail to understand Chunked encoding. For this reason, Content-Length is the standard method used. However doing so interferes with the ability of the device to fully stream. To stream full documents towards the back end server, this property should be turned on. However, the back end server must be RFC 2616 compatible, because this feature cannot be renegotiated at run time, unlike all other HTTP/1.1 features which can be negotiated down at runtime if necessary. This property can also be enabled by configuring a User Agent to enable it on a per-URL basis.
- `do_host_rewriting` (Boolean) Some protocols have distinct name based elements, separate from the URL, to de multiplex. HTTP uses the Host header for this purposes. If this feature is enabled the backside server will receive a request reflecting the final route, otherwise it will receive a request reflecting the information as it arrived at the DataPower device. Web servers issuing redirects may want to disable this feature, as they often depend on the host header for the value of their redirect.
- `error_policy` (String) If any policy is violated, this is the default policy that will handle the response sent to the client. It might be overridden in the profile that fails.
- `follow_redirects` (Boolean) Some protocols generate redirects as part of the protocol - for example HTTP response code 302. If this property is enabled the firewall will try and transparently resolve those redirects.
- `front_http_version` (String) Select the HTTP version to be use on client responses. Incoming version 1.0 requests will always be replied to with 1.0 compatible responses regardless of this setting. The default is HTTP 1.1.
- `front_persistent_timeout` (Number) Set the inter-transaction timeout for Web Application Firewall to client connections. This value is the maximum idle time to allow between the completion of a TCP transaction and the initiation of a new TCP transaction on the Web Application Firewall to client connection. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 180. A value of 0 disables persistent connections.
- `front_side` (Attributes List) Source Addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--front_side))
- `front_timeout` (Number) Set the intra-transaction timeout for Web Application Firewall to client connections. This value is the maximum idle time to allow in a transaction on the Web Application Firewall to client connection. This timer monitors idle time in the data transfer process. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 120.
- `http_client_ip_label` (String) Retain the default value (X-Client-IP) or provide an other value (for example, X-Forwarded-For).
- `http_log_cor_id_label` (String) Enter the name of an HTTP Header to read to determine the global transaction ID for chained services. This value defaults to X-Global-Transaction-ID.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `priority` (String) Control the service scheduling priority. When system resources are in high demand, "high" priority services will be favored over lower priority services.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the backend server. If the backend requires TLS, ensure that the TLS client profile is configured for client (forward) connections.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port on the remote server.
- `request_side_security` (Boolean) If this property is disabled, no request side security policies will be enforced and all requests will be allowed through.
- `response_side_security` (Boolean) If this property is disabled, no response side security policies will be enforced and all responses will be allowed through.
- `rewrite_errors` (Boolean) Error messages after a decryption action can provide an attacker who is using the padding oracle attack method with enough information to determine the contents of the plain-text data. When enabled, the default, the client receives error messages without the internal information that could lead to a discovery. When disabled, the client receives the original message with this information.
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `ssl_config_type` (String) TLS type
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
- `stream_output_to_back` (String) Select the desired streaming behavior.
- `stream_output_to_front` (String) Select the desired streaming behavior.
- `style_policy` (String) Select a security policy from the list of available policies. Click + to create a new Policy. This policy controls which profiles are enforced.
- `uri_normalization` (Boolean) If this property is enabled the URI is rewritten to make sure the URI is RFC compliant by escaping certain characters. Additionally, characters that are escaped that do not need to be are unescaped. This makes checking for attack sequences such as .. more reliable.
- `url_rewrite_policy` (String) A Rewrite Policy can be used to modify the values of certain headers before the security policies are executed. One common use for this is to rewrite the contents of an HTTP Location header to reflect external DNS names. By using a Rewrite Policy, it is possible to intercept and rewrite URLs that might send a browser directly to the back end web site, rather than through the Web Application Firewall.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_manager` (String) <p>An XML Manager manages the compilation and caching of stylesheets, the caching of documents, and provides configuration constraints on the size and parsing depth of documents. You can enable streaming operation by configuring an XML Manager to use a Streaming Compile Option Policy.</p><p>Note that an XML Manager can optionally employ a User Agent. The User Agent settings, in turn, can affect the behavior of the gateway when communicating with back end servers or with clients when sending back responses.</p><p>More than one firewall may use the same XML Manager. Select an existing XML Manager from the list to assign the Manager to this firewall. Click the + button to create a new XML Manager that is assigned to this firewall. A default Manager is used if you do not create one.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--debug_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.debug_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `client_ip` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against client IP addresses. Requests from clients with matching IP addresses will trigger the probe. To create a match for all IP addresses, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `in_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the inbound URLs. Requests from clients with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `out_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the outbound URLs. Responses from servers with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against names of processing rules. Rules with matching names will trigger the probe. To create a match for all names, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_type` (String) Select the rule direction or type that will trigger the probe.
  - Choices: `all`, `response`, `request`, `call`, `error`, `scheduled`, `lbhealth`
- `x_path` (String) Specify an XPath expression of use the XPath Tool to define an XPath expression to match against messages. Messages that contain the expression will trigger the probe.


<a id="nestedatt--result--front_side"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.front_side`

Read-Only:

- `credential_charset` (String) Specifies the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the authorization header of the request. The DataPower Gateway transcodes the contents of the authorization header to UTF-8. Defaults to Protocol that is ISO-8859-1, Latin 1.
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
  - Default value: `protocol`
- `local_address` (String) The address on which the service listens. The default of 0 indicates that the service is active on all addresses. Click Select Alias to use an alias for this value. Local host aliases help to ease migration tasks between machines.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Specifies the port monitored by the stateful raw XML over TCP service. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 3000.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `3000`
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Use TLS for this server. Ensure that the TLS server profile or TLS SNI server profile is configured.
  - Default value: `false`
