docs/data-sources/web_app_request.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_request Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web request profile specifies various properties about the request side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
---

# datapower_web_app_request (Data Source)

The web request profile specifies various properties about the request side of the transaction that must be satisfied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_web_app_request" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WebAppRequest"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `aaa` (String) If this property references a AAA policy, then that AAA policy will be run as a filter on this transaction and the success of that AAA run will be required to continue processing. Any input to this transaction as XML, application/www-url-encoded, or multipart/form-data MIME types will be automatically provided to the AAA processing policy.
- `acl` (String) This Access Control List will be used to allow or deny access to this service based on the IP address of the client. When attached to a service, an Access Control List (ACL) denies all access by default. To deny access to only selected addresses, first grant access to all addresses (allow 0.0.0.0) and then create deny entries for the desired hosts.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `content_types` (List of String) A list of PCRE regular expressions that indicate acceptable content-type MIME headers on the request. If this list is empty, any content-type is acceptable. If the request does not have a content type that will be represented as an empty string for matching purposes. Requests without a body (GET, HEAD, and so forth) are not subject to this constraint. An empty list will match all content types.
- `cookie_name_vector` (List of String) The list of cookies, by name, that the process signs and encrypts.
- `cookie_profile` (Attributes) The cookie management profile allows you to specify validation profiles for incoming cookies, whether cookies should be allowed at all, and the signature and encryption policies for cookies.
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cookie_profile))
- `error_policy` (String) If this request policy is violated the firewall error policy will be invoked unless this more specific error policy is provided, in which case this policy takes precedence.
- `header_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile allows you to specify what headers are expected, what headers should be stripped, and what headers should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any header is allowed.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `max_body_size` (Number) Specify the maximum size of the request body.
- `max_uri_size` (Number) The URI may be no longer than the value specified here.
- `min_body_size` (Number) Specify the minimum size of the request body.
- `multipart_form_data` (Attributes) Multipart/Form-Data Profile
  - CLI Alias: `multipart-form-data` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--multipart_form_data))
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles requests that do not contain an XML MIME type.
- `non_xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the request does not contain an XML MIME type and the Non-XML processing policy is set to binary or side-effect.
- `ok_methods` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP methods are acceptable from the client acceptable.
  - CLI Alias: `request-methods` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_methods))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP versions are acceptable from the client.
  - CLI Alias: `request-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Select the satisfaction policy for the profile. The default value is Admission.
- `process_all_cookie` (Boolean) The process will sign or encrypt all cookies when enabled. The default is enabled.
- `query_string_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile for query-string. If not present, no profile is enforced. The profile allows you to validate data members of the query string, filter out unknown ones, or map certain names to known values.
- `query_string_policy` (String) Select how the client URL handles query strings. The default is Allow.
- `rate_limiter` (String) A rate limiting policy restricts identities (as determined by AAA or the client IP address if AAA is not available) to a specific number of transactions per second.
- `session_management_profile` (String) The session management policy enforces the start pages acceptable for requests that match this security profile. If no policy is referenced, any page is an acceptable start page.
- `sql_injection` (Boolean) Data parameters from the query string, application/www-urlencoded requests, and multipart/form-data requests will be passed through the standard SQL Injection filter if this property is enabled.
- `sql_injection_patterns_file` (String) The patterns file that the SQL injection filter uses.
- `sskey` (String) Select the Shared Secret Key for both signing or encrypting.
- `ssl_policy` (String) Select how the client side of the inspected transaction handles SSL. The default value is Allow.
- `uri_filter_dot_dot` (Boolean) Filter Requests with .. in the URI after URI normalization
- `uri_filter_exe` (Boolean) Filter Requests with .exe in the URI after URI normalization
- `uri_filter_fragment` (String) Select how to handle URI fragments in requests. A URI fragment is the portion of a URI after the # symbol. The default is Truncate
- `uri_filter_unicode` (Boolean) If Unicode is detected in the URI and this property is enabled then the transaction will be rejected
- `url_encoded_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile allows you to specify what form elements are expected, what form elements should be stripped, and what form elements should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any set of pairs is allowed.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles requests that contain an XML MIME type.
- `xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the request contains an XML MIME type and the XML processing policy is set to XML or SOAP.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--cookie_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cookie_profile`

Read-Only:

- `cookie_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile for cookie contents. If not present, no profile is enforced. The profile allows you to validate data members of the cookie, filter out unknown ones, or map certain names to known values.
- `cookie_policy` (String) Select how the client side of the inspected transaction handles cookies. The default value is Allow.
- `i_pin_watermark` (Boolean) Normally the signed or encrypted cookie contains the client IP address and this prevents the client from using this cookie from any other host. Some proxy server environments may make this undesirable. Turning this property off will make the generated cookies address independent.
- `key` (String) Signing or encrypting cookies requires a secret passphrase for the cryptographic operation. If this key is the same on multiple devices, then each device can statelessly verify or decrypt a cookie generated by another device.
- `type` (String) Specify whether the device signs/verifies, encrypts/decrypts, or neither on the cookies for the application. The default value is None.
- `use_shared_secret_object` (Boolean) A shared secret signs or encrypts the cookie when enabled. The default value is disabled.


<a id="nestedatt--result--multipart_form_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.multipart_form_data`

Read-Only:

- `content_type_restricted` (Boolean) If set, this forces the individual form-data content types to be matched against the general list of request acceptable content-type expressions.
- `max_parts` (Number) Maximum number of parts allowed. Defaults to 4.
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum size allowed for all parts combined. Defaults to 5000000.
- `max_size_per_part` (Number) Maximum size allowed for any one part. Defaults to 5000000.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_methods`

Read-Only:

- `connect` (Boolean) CONNECT method
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS method
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_versions`

Read-Only:

- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/web_app_request.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_request Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web request profile specifies various properties about the request side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
---

# datapower_web_app_request (Data Source)

The web request profile specifies various properties about the request side of the transaction that must be satisfied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_web_app_request" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WebAppRequest"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `aaa` (String) If this property references a AAA policy, then that AAA policy will be run as a filter on this transaction and the success of that AAA run will be required to continue processing. Any input to this transaction as XML, application/www-url-encoded, or multipart/form-data MIME types will be automatically provided to the AAA processing policy.
- `acl` (String) This Access Control List will be used to allow or deny access to this service based on the IP address of the client. When attached to a service, an Access Control List (ACL) denies all access by default. To deny access to only selected addresses, first grant access to all addresses (allow 0.0.0.0) and then create deny entries for the desired hosts.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `content_types` (List of String) A list of PCRE regular expressions that indicate acceptable content-type MIME headers on the request. If this list is empty, any content-type is acceptable. If the request does not have a content type that will be represented as an empty string for matching purposes. Requests without a body (GET, HEAD, and so forth) are not subject to this constraint. An empty list will match all content types.
- `cookie_name_vector` (List of String) The list of cookies, by name, that the process signs and encrypts.
- `cookie_profile` (Attributes) The cookie management profile allows you to specify validation profiles for incoming cookies, whether cookies should be allowed at all, and the signature and encryption policies for cookies.
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cookie_profile))
- `error_policy` (String) If this request policy is violated the firewall error policy will be invoked unless this more specific error policy is provided, in which case this policy takes precedence.
- `header_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile allows you to specify what headers are expected, what headers should be stripped, and what headers should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any header is allowed.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `max_body_size` (Number) Specify the maximum size of the request body.
- `max_uri_size` (Number) The URI may be no longer than the value specified here.
- `min_body_size` (Number) Specify the minimum size of the request body.
- `multipart_form_data` (Attributes) Multipart/Form-Data Profile
  - CLI Alias: `multipart-form-data` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--multipart_form_data))
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles requests that do not contain an XML MIME type.
- `non_xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the request does not contain an XML MIME type and the Non-XML processing policy is set to binary or side-effect.
- `ok_methods` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP methods are acceptable from the client acceptable.
  - CLI Alias: `request-methods` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_methods))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP versions are acceptable from the client.
  - CLI Alias: `request-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Select the satisfaction policy for the profile. The default value is Admission.
- `process_all_cookie` (Boolean) The process will sign or encrypt all cookies when enabled. The default is enabled.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `query_string_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile for query-string. If not present, no profile is enforced. The profile allows you to validate data members of the query string, filter out unknown ones, or map certain names to known values.
- `query_string_policy` (String) Select how the client URL handles query strings. The default is Allow.
- `rate_limiter` (String) A rate limiting policy restricts identities (as determined by AAA or the client IP address if AAA is not available) to a specific number of transactions per second.
- `session_management_profile` (String) The session management policy enforces the start pages acceptable for requests that match this security profile. If no policy is referenced, any page is an acceptable start page.
- `sql_injection` (Boolean) Data parameters from the query string, application/www-urlencoded requests, and multipart/form-data requests will be passed through the standard SQL Injection filter if this property is enabled.
- `sql_injection_patterns_file` (String) The patterns file that the SQL injection filter uses.
- `sskey` (String) Select the Shared Secret Key for both signing or encrypting.
- `ssl_policy` (String) Select how the client side of the inspected transaction handles SSL. The default value is Allow.
- `uri_filter_dot_dot` (Boolean) Filter Requests with .. in the URI after URI normalization
- `uri_filter_exe` (Boolean) Filter Requests with .exe in the URI after URI normalization
- `uri_filter_fragment` (String) Select how to handle URI fragments in requests. A URI fragment is the portion of a URI after the # symbol. The default is Truncate
- `uri_filter_unicode` (Boolean) If Unicode is detected in the URI and this property is enabled then the transaction will be rejected
- `url_encoded_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile allows you to specify what form elements are expected, what form elements should be stripped, and what form elements should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any set of pairs is allowed.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles requests that contain an XML MIME type.
- `xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the request contains an XML MIME type and the XML processing policy is set to XML or SOAP.

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--cookie_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cookie_profile`

Read-Only:

- `cookie_gnvc` (String) The name-value profile for cookie contents. If not present, no profile is enforced. The profile allows you to validate data members of the cookie, filter out unknown ones, or map certain names to known values.
- `cookie_policy` (String) Select how the client side of the inspected transaction handles cookies. The default value is Allow.
- `i_pin_watermark` (Boolean) Normally the signed or encrypted cookie contains the client IP address and this prevents the client from using this cookie from any other host. Some proxy server environments may make this undesirable. Turning this property off will make the generated cookies address independent.
- `key` (String) Signing or encrypting cookies requires a secret passphrase for the cryptographic operation. If this key is the same on multiple devices, then each device can statelessly verify or decrypt a cookie generated by another device.
- `type` (String) Specify whether the device signs/verifies, encrypts/decrypts, or neither on the cookies for the application. The default value is None.
- `use_shared_secret_object` (Boolean) A shared secret signs or encrypts the cookie when enabled. The default value is disabled.


<a id="nestedatt--result--multipart_form_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.multipart_form_data`

Read-Only:

- `content_type_restricted` (Boolean) If set, this forces the individual form-data content types to be matched against the general list of request acceptable content-type expressions.
- `max_parts` (Number) Maximum number of parts allowed. Defaults to 4.
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum size allowed for all parts combined. Defaults to 5000000.
- `max_size_per_part` (Number) Maximum size allowed for any one part. Defaults to 5000000.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_methods`

Read-Only:

- `connect` (Boolean) CONNECT method
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS method
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method


<a id="nestedatt--result--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ok_versions`

Read-Only:

- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1
