docs/data-sources/webservicemonitor.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webservicemonitor Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Web service monitor
---

# datapower_webservicemonitor (Data Source)

Web service monitor

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_webservicemonitor" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_webservicemonitor.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint_name` (String) Endpoint
- `endpoint_url` (String) Endpoint URL
- `frontend_url` (String) Front URL
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `operations` (Attributes List) Operations to monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--operations))
- `transport` (String) Transport type
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `wsdlurl` (String) WSDL URL

<a id="nestedatt--result--operations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.operations`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Threshold action
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `log`, `throttle`
- `operation` (String) Operation name
  - CLI Alias: `operation`
  - Choices: `all`
  - Default value: `all`
- `severity` (String) Threshold Level
  - CLI Alias: `severity`
  - Choices: `low`, `high`
- `target` (String) Target to monitor
  - CLI Alias: `target`
  - Choices: `front`, `rate`
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold value
  - CLI Alias: `threshold`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/webservicemonitor.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webservicemonitor Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Web service monitor
---

# datapower_webservicemonitor (Data Source)

Web service monitor

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_webservicemonitor" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_webservicemonitor.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint_name` (String) Endpoint
- `endpoint_url` (String) Endpoint URL
- `frontend_url` (String) Front URL
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `operations` (Attributes List) Operations to monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--operations))
- `transport` (String) Transport type
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `wsdlurl` (String) WSDL URL

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--operations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.operations`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Threshold action
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `log`, `throttle`
- `operation` (String) Operation name
  - CLI Alias: `operation`
  - Choices: `all`
  - Default value: `all`
- `severity` (String) Threshold Level
  - CLI Alias: `severity`
  - Choices: `low`, `high`
- `target` (String) Target to monitor
  - CLI Alias: `target`
  - Choices: `front`, `rate`
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold value
  - CLI Alias: `threshold`
