---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webspherejmssourceprotocolhandler Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure the WebSphere JMS handler to manage WebSphere JMS protocol communications.
---

# datapower_webspherejmssourceprotocolhandler (Data Source)

Configure the WebSphere JMS handler to manage WebSphere JMS protocol communications.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_webspherejmssourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `async_message_processing` (Boolean) <p>If enabled messages taken from the get queue will be processed not necessarily in the same order as they were queued.</p><p>This property may be set to improve performance only if associated Multi-Protocol Gateway or WS-Proxy isn't configured to process messages in order.</p>
- `get_queue` (String) <p>Enter the name of the get queue associated with the WebSphere JMS or TIBCO EMS object supported by this handler.</p><p>The handler monitors the get queue for incoming client requests. Upon message receipt, The handler forwards the extracted message to the DataPower object that will gateway the message to a remote message provider.</p>
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `put_queue` (String) <p>Enter the name of the put queue associated with the WebSphere JMS or TIBCO EMS object supported by this handler.</p><p>The put queue contains server-originated WAS JMS or TIBCO EMS reply messages.</p><p>Such messages are originated by a remote WAS JMS or TIBCO EMS message provider and put into this queue by a local WebSphere JMS or TIBCO EMS object.</p><p>Configuration of a put queue is optional.</p><p>A put queue should be configured if server replies are expected; if reply messages are not expected, a put queue need not be configured.</p><p>In the absence of a put queue, any received replies are dropped.</p>
- `reply_topic_space` (String) <p>Use this property to disambiguate a topic if the response destination is a topic whose name appears in multiple topic spaces.</p><p>A topic space is a hierarchy of topics used for publish/subscribe messaging. Topics with the same name can exist in multiple topic spaces, but there can be only one topic space with a given name in a service integration bus.</p><p>For example, consider a topic hierarchy split into the following topic spaces:</p><ul><li>library - topics for document management</li><li>sales - topics for marketing and sales tracking</li><li>engineering - topics for engineering and technology</li></ul><p>The topic <em>volumes</em> can appear in all three topic spaces, and have a different meaning in each.</p><p>Enter the name of the target topic space if necessary.</p>
- `request_topic_space` (String) <p>Use this property to disambiguate a topic if the request destination is a topic whose name appears in multiple topic spaces.</p><p>A topic space is a hierarchy of topics used for publish/subscribe messaging. Topics with the same name can exist in multiple topic spaces, but there can be only one topic space with a given name in a service integration bus.</p><p>For example, consider a topic hierarchy split into the following topic spaces:</p><ul><li>library - topics for document management</li><li>sales - topics for marketing and sales tracking</li><li>engineering - topics for engineering and technology</li></ul><p>The topic <em>volumes</em> can appear in all three topic spaces, and have a different meaning in each.</p><p>Enter the name of the target topic space if necessary.</p>
- `selector` (String) <p>Provide an SQL-like expression to filter messages from the GET queue.</p><p>For example, <tt>DeliveryMode LIKE PERSISTENT</tt></p><p>This expression specifies that only client requests that have a DeliveryMode of PERSISTENT are forwarded to the WebSphere JMS or TIBCO EMS object for processing; all other messages are dropped from the get queue.</p><p>The message selector is a conditional expression based on a subset of SQL92 conditional expression syntax. The conditional expression enables the handler to identify <em>messages of interest</em> .</p><p>The conditional expression does not operate on the body of the message, rather it examines message headers and properties (proprietary user-created headers that might appear between the required headers and the message body).</p><p>The required headers are as follows:</p><ul><li><tt>Destination</tt> - contains the destination (queue) to which the message is being sent</li><li><tt>DeliveryMode</tt> - contains the delivery mode (PERSISTENT or NON_PERSISTENT)</li><li><tt>Expiration</tt> - contains a message TTL or a value of 0 indicating an unlimited TTL</li><li><tt>Priority</tt> - contains the message priority expressed as a digit from 0 (lowest priority) to 9 (highest priority)</li><li><tt>MessageID</tt> - contains a unique message identifier starting with the prefix ID:, or a null value, effectively disabling message ID</li><li><tt>Timestamp</tt> - contains the time the message was handed off for transmission, not the time it was actually sent</li><li><tt>CorrelationID</tt> - contains a means of associating one message (for example, a response) with another message (for example, the original request)</li><li><tt>ReplyTo</tt> - contains the destination (queue) to which a reply to this message should be sent</li><li><tt>Type</tt> - contains a message identifier provided by the application</li><li><tt>Redelivered</tt> - contains a boolean indicating that the message has been delivered in the past, but not yet acknowledged</li></ul><p>Configuration of a message selector is optional. If a message selector is not specified, all incoming client request messages are transferred by The handler to the DataPower object for processing.</p>
- `server` (String) Select the WebSphere JMS server object supported by this handler.
- `strict_message_order` (Boolean) <p>Enable to work smoothly with WebSphere server when the "Strict Message Ordering" option in the corresponding destination is checked.</p>
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
