docs/data-sources/webspherejmsserver.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webspherejmsserver Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WebSphere JMS Server
---

# datapower_webspherejmsserver (Data Source)

WebSphere JMS Server

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_webspherejmsserver" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_webspherejmsserver.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Automatic retry
- `default_message_type` (String) Default message type
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Enable JMS-specific logging
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) Endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--endpoint))
- `fips` (Boolean) FIPS compliant ciphers suite
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Max message size
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Memory threshold
- `messaging_bus` (String) Messaging bus
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
- `sessions_per_connection` (Number) Max number of sessions per connection
- `ssl_cipher` (String) TLS ciphers
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `target_transport_chain` (String) Target transport chain
- `total_connection_limit` (Number) Total connection limit
- `transactional` (Boolean) Transactional
- `user_name` (String) Username
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Host
- `port` (Number) Port
- `transport` (String) Transport chain
  - Choices: `TCP`, `SSL`, `HTTP`, `HTTPS`
  - Default value: `TCP`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/data-sources/webspherejmsserver.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webspherejmsserver Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WebSphere JMS Server
---

# datapower_webspherejmsserver (Data Source)

WebSphere JMS Server

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_webspherejmsserver" "test" {
  depends_on = [datapower_webspherejmsserver.test]
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Automatic retry
- `default_message_type` (String) Default message type
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Enable JMS-specific logging
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) Endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--endpoint))
- `fips` (Boolean) FIPS compliant ciphers suite
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Max message size
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Memory threshold
- `messaging_bus` (String) Messaging bus
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
- `sessions_per_connection` (Number) Max number of sessions per connection
- `ssl_cipher` (String) TLS ciphers
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `target_transport_chain` (String) Target transport chain
- `total_connection_limit` (Number) Total connection limit
- `transactional` (Boolean) Transactional
- `user_name` (String) Username
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Host
- `port` (Number) Port
- `transport` (String) Transport chain
  - Choices: `TCP`, `SSL`, `HTTP`, `HTTPS`
  - Default value: `TCP`
