---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ws_style_policy_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create, edit, or delete processing policy rules. Rules can also be created and edited using a drag and drop interface by opening the Services menu area on the left-hand navigation bar. Click the appropriate Policy link which will then present an opportunity to create both Rules and Actions.
---

# datapower_ws_style_policy_rule (Data Source)

Create, edit, or delete processing policy rules. Rules can also be created and edited using a drag and drop interface by opening the Services menu area on the left-hand navigation bar. Click the appropriate Policy link which will then present an opportunity to create both Rules and Actions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_ws_style_policy_rule" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WSStylePolicyRule"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `actions` (List of String) The full action pipeline that includes the actions generated from the WSDL as well as the rules configured by the user.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `direction` (String) Select a rule type. The default is Rule.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `input_format` (String) Select a decompression algorithm to apply to all messages before any other processing occurs (a preprocess step). All messages are decompressed using the selected algorithm. If the message is not compressed with this algorithm, an error is raised. This setting is independent of transport-level decompression. The default is None.
- `non_xml_processing` (Boolean) Normally, processing is only performed on XML content. This option allows processing actions to be performed on Non-XML content as well.
- `output_format` (String) Select a compression algorithm to apply to all messages after any other processing occurs (a post-process step). All messages are compressed using the selected algorithm. The resulting archive contains only one file. This setting is independent of transport-level compression. The default is None.
- `unprocessed` (Boolean) Permit rule to pass-through data unprocessed
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
