---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wsrr_saved_search_subscription Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The WSRR (WebSphere Service Registry and Repository) saved subscription is useful when you want to deploy services with an indirect reference to WSRR resources. The configuration references a WSRR server, a saved search and a saved search or named query on the server. The management of service documents is controlled on the WSRR server. The service configuration is updated based on the synchronization method.
---

# datapower_wsrr_saved_search_subscription (Data Source)

The WSRR (WebSphere Service Registry and Repository) saved subscription is useful when you want to deploy services with an indirect reference to WSRR resources. The configuration references a WSRR server, a saved search and a saved search or named query on the server. <p>The management of service documents is controlled on the WSRR server. The service configuration is updated based on the synchronization method.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_wsrr_saved_search_subscription" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WSRRSavedSearchSubscription"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `fetch_policy_attachments` (Boolean) Specify whether to fetch external policy attachments. When enabled, the registry is queried for external policy attachments for retrieved resources. These policies are processed when the service allow external policy attachments.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `method` (String) Synchronization method
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `refresh_interval` (Number) Specify the refresh interval in seconds between polls to synchronize the local copy with the registry version.
- `saved_search_name` (String) Saved search or named query
- `saved_search_parameters` (List of String) Specify the parameters to include in the query. The query to the registry uses these parameters. A parameter can be up to 255 characters in length. You can define a maximum of 9 parameters. <p>If you define parameters and they are not require parameters, an error is logged.</p><p><b>Note:</b> In WSRR, a named query and a saved search can have the same name. WSRR matches named queries before saved searches. Therefore, WSRR never finds a saved search with the same name as a named query.</p>
- `server` (String) WSRR server
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
