---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wsrr_server Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configuration required to locate and access WSRR (WebSphere Service Registry and Repository).
---

# datapower_wsrr_server (Data Source)

Configuration required to locate and access WSRR (WebSphere Service Registry and Repository).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_wsrr_server" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WSRRServer"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias for authentication with the server. The password alias references the password. Leave blank when authentication is not required.
- `server_prefix` (String) WSRR instance prefix
- `soap_url` (String) Specify the URL of SOAP API endpoint on the WSRR server. The port in the URL depends on whether the server has enabled global security. A typical default URL is similar to <tt>https://192.18.1.120:9443/WSRRCoreSDO/services/WSRRCoreSDOPort</tt> or <tt>http://192.18.1.120:9080/WSRRCoreSDO/services/WSRRCoreSDOPort</tt> .
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `username` (String) Specify the username for authentication with the server. Leave blank when authentication is not required.
