---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wxs_grid Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The configuration of an eXtreme Scale Grid defines the connection details to an eXtreme Scale grid in an eXtreme Scale collective. To define this configuration, you must define the eXtreme Scale collective, the grid name, and the user and password for the user account who connects to the eXtreme Scale. If you need to secure connections to eXtreme Scale, you must assign a TLS Proxy Profile.
---

# datapower_wxs_grid (Data Source)

The configuration of an eXtreme Scale Grid defines the connection details to an eXtreme Scale grid in an eXtreme Scale collective. To define this configuration, you must define the eXtreme Scale collective, the grid name, and the user and password for the user account who connects to the eXtreme Scale. If you need to secure connections to eXtreme Scale, you must assign a TLS Proxy Profile.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_wxs_grid" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_WXSGrid"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `collective` (String) Specify the Load Balancer Group that contains members in the collective of eXtreme Scale. You must define at least one member in the collective.
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Indicates whether the data in the eXtreme Scale data grid is encrypted. If encrypted, the data is encrypted, when writing to, and decrypted, when reading from, the eXtreme Scale data grid.
- `encrypt_alg` (String) Specify the PKCS #7 algorithm for encryption and decryption. When writing data to the data grid, encrypts the data. When reading data from the eXtreme Scale data grid, decrypts the data.
- `encrypt_sskey` (String) Specify the shared secret for PKCS #7 encryption and decryption. When writing data to the data grid, encrypts the data. When reading data from the eXtreme Scale data grid, decrypts the data.
- `grid` (String) Specify the name of the eXtreme Scale grid. The value cannot contain whitespace or the following characters: <tt>^ . \ / , # $ @ : ; * ? &lt; > | = + &amp; % [ ] " '</tt> .
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `key_obfuscation` (Boolean) Indicate whether to apply a hash algorithm to obfuscate keys before reading data from or writing data to the eXtreme Scale data grid.
- `key_obfuscation_alg` (String) Specify the hash algorithm to obfuscate keys before reading data from or writing data to the eXtreme Scale data grid.
- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias to use to look up the password of the eXtreme Scale user who connects to the eXtreme Scale collective.
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum time to wait to establish a connection to an eXtreme Scale. If unable to establish a connection, the operation fails. Enter a value in the range 10 - 86400000. The default value is 1000.
- `user_name` (String) <p>Specify the user account of the eXtreme Scale user who connects to the eXtreme Scale collective. The value can be up to 64 characters in length and cannot be blank. You can use all alphanumeric characters and most special characters. You cannot use spaces or the following special characters: <tt># &lt;</tt> .</p><p>The user must have sufficient eXtreme Scale permissions to access the grid.</p>
- `user_summary` (String) Specify a brief, but descriptive, summary of the configuration.
