---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xacml_pdp Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The XACML policies can be evaluated on a DataPower device, This on-box XACML Policy Decision Point (PDP) allows customers to define the necessary information so that it can evaluate the corresponding XACML policies against a XACML request for an XACML Policy Enforcement Point (PEP). The DataPower PEP is implemented with AAA action.
---

# datapower_xacml_pdp (Data Source)

The XACML policies can be evaluated on a DataPower device, This on-box XACML Policy Decision Point (PDP) allows customers to define the necessary information so that it can evaluate the corresponding XACML policies against a XACML request for an XACML Policy Enforcement Point (PEP). The DataPower PEP is implemented with AAA action.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_xacml_pdp" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_XACMLPDP"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cache_ttl` (Number) This sets the explicit time to live (TTL) for cached XACML policies, either raw or compiled. The default value 0 means the cache never expire unless PDP explicitly refreshes the policies. The maximum TTL is 31 days (2,678,400 seconds).
- `combining_alg` (String) Select the policy-combining algorithm when not using a top-level comprehensive XACML policy file. The default is First Applicable.
- `dependent_policy` (List of String) Some of the XACML Policies/Policy-Sets are indirectly needed when the PDP evaluates a request. They are called Dependent Policy Files. Specify their URLs with this setting.
- `directory` (List of String) List directories that contain dependent files. In these directories, all files with the xml or xacml extension are available to the XACML PDP. Use this option when there are too many policy files to identify independently.
- `equal_policies` (Boolean) In case of a top level policy-set is undefined, all policies are evaluated equally, PDP will use the PolicyCombiningAlg for the final decision.
- `general_policy` (String) The URL of top level XACML policy/policy-set file, if there is one. This file may reside on the local device (typically as local:///file) or on a remote server. Attempts to retrieve this file from remote servers may be governed by the User Agent in use by the XML Manager of the service. This may be useful for TLS connections, for example.
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
