---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xpathroutingmap Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xpathroutingmap (Data Source)

<p>An XPath Routing Map matches XPath expressions with corresponding destination URLs. When the XPath expression evaluates to true when applied to the message submitted, the target destination for the message is set to the corresponding URL.</p><p>Use the Rules tab to establish these mappings. Use the Namespace Mapping tab to determine Namespace URIs for namespaces used in the XPath Expressions.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_xpathroutingmap" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `name_space_mappings` (Attributes List) The prefix and URI for namespaces that might be encountered in requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--name_space_mappings))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `x_path_routing_rules` (Attributes List) Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--x_path_routing_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--name_space_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.name_space_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix
- `uri` (String) URI


<a id="nestedatt--result--x_path_routing_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.x_path_routing_rules`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Remote Host
- `port` (Number) Remote Port
- `ssl` (Boolean) TLS
  - Default value: `false`
- `x_path` (String) XPath Expression
