---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xpath_routing_map Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xpath_routing_map (Data Source)

<p>An XPath Routing Map matches XPath expressions with corresponding destination URLs. When the XPath expression evaluates to true when applied to the message submitted, the target destination for the message is set to the corresponding URL.</p><p>Use the Rules tab to establish these mappings. Use the Namespace Mapping tab to determine Namespace URIs for namespaces used in the XPath Expressions.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_xpath_routing_map" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `name_space_mappings` (Attributes List) The prefix and URI for namespaces that might be encountered in requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--name_space_mappings))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xpath_routing_rules` (Attributes List) Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--xpath_routing_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--name_space_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.name_space_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix (Prefix:) used to map namespaces that might be encountered in client requests.
- `uri` (String) The URI (URI:) used to map namespaces that might be encountered in client requests.


<a id="nestedatt--result--xpath_routing_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.xpath_routing_rules`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Specify the host name or IP address to which matching documents should be routed.
- `port` (Number) Specify the port to which matching documents should be routed.
- `ssl` (Boolean) Specify whether the connection to the target destination uses TLS communications. The default is off. When set to on, the DataPower Gateway uses the TLS profile that is specified at the service level to establish TLS communications to the destination host.
  - Default value: `false`
- `xpath` (String) <p>The XPath expression applied to submitted documents. This expression evaluates to true or false. If the expression points to a particular node and that node is present in the submitted document, the expression evaluates to true.</p><p>This expression cannot exceed 330 characters. Use the Namespace Mapping tab to establish mapping that then allow the use of qualified names in the XPath expression, shortening the expression.</p>
