docs/data-sources/xsl_proxy_service.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xsl_proxy_service Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xsl_proxy_service (Data Source)

<p>The XSL Proxy is obsolete.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_xsl_proxy_service" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_XSLProxyService"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) This Access Control List will be used to allow or deny access to this service based on the IP address of the client. When attached to a service, an Access Control List (ACL) denies all access by default. To deny access to only selected addresses, first grant access to all addresses (allow 0.0.0.0) and then create deny entries for the desired hosts.
- `always_show_errors` (Boolean) If set, HTTP responses may be generated with errors appended to partially generated documents. If not set error responses will only be sent to the browser if no other output has been created.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `count_monitors` (List of String) Count Monitors watch for defined messaging events and increment counters each time the event occurs. When a certain threshold is reached, the monitor can either post a notification to a log or block service for a configured amount of time. Select a Count Monitor from the list to activate that monitor for this firewall. Click the + button to create a new Count Monitor.
- `credential_charset` (String)
- `debug_history` (Number) Set the number of records for transaction diagnostic mode in the probe. Enter a value in the range 10 - 250. The default value is 25.
- `debug_mode` (String) <p>Select the diagnostic mode for processing policies. When enabled, you can view details about the state of variables and contexts for a captured transaction in the probe. The default value is <tt>off</tt> .</p><p>Transaction diagnostic mode is not intended for use in a production environment. Transaction diagnostic mode consumes significant resources that can slow down transaction processing.</p>
- `debug_trigger` (Attributes List) The probe captures transactions that meet one or more of the conditions defined by the triggers. These triggers examine the direction or type of the message flow and examine the message for an XPath expression match. When a message meets one of these conditions, the transaction is captured in diagnostics mode and becomes part of the list of transactions that can be viewed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--debug_trigger))
- `default_param_namespace` (String) If a stylesheet parameter is defined without a namespace (or without explicitly specifying the null namespace), then this is the namespace into which the parameter will be assigned.
- `disallow_empty_response` (Boolean) If set, only responses with message bodies are allowed (that is, not 304 and so forth).
- `disallow_get` (Boolean) If set, only methods with incoming data (such as POST) are allowed.
- `do_chunked_upload` (Boolean) Use the radio buttons to enable (on) or disable (off) the ability to send Content-Type Chunked Encoded documents to the back end server. When the device employs the HTTP/1.1 protocol, the body of the document can be delimited by either Content-Length or chunked encodings. While all servers will understand how to interpret Content-Length, many applications will fail to understand Chunked encoding. For this reason, Content-Length is the standard method used. However doing so interferes with the ability of the device to fully stream. To stream full documents towards the back end server, this property should be turned on. However, the back end server must be RFC 2616 compatible, because this feature cannot be renegotiated at run time, unlike all other HTTP/1.1 features which can be negotiated down at runtime if necessary. This property can also be enabled by configuring a User Agent to enable it on a per-URL basis.
- `do_host_rewrite` (Boolean) When enabled, the device will rewrite the Host: header to be the address of the back-end server. This is not what a strict proxy would do, and may not be appropriate for all topologies.
- `duration_monitors` (List of String) Duration Monitors watch for events meeting or exceeding a configured duration. When a duration is met or exceeded, the monitor can either post a notification to a log or block service for a configured amount of time. Select a Duration Monitor from the list to activate that monitor for this firewall. Click the + button to create a new Duration Monitor.
- `force_policy_exec` (Boolean) <p>Some message patterns may include bodyless request and response messages. This is common with RESTful web services where messages may or may not include a body but still requires the processing policy to run. To enable this capability for services whose request and response type is XML (or marked as non-XML i.e. JSON), set this option to 'on'. By doing so, the processing policy rules will always be executed.</p>
- `header_injection` (Attributes List) HTTP Header Injection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_injection))
- `header_suppression` (Attributes List) HTTP Headers can be suppressed (removed) from the message flow using this property. For example, the Via: header, which contains the name of the DataPower service handling the message, may be suppressed from messages sent by the DataPower device back to the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_suppression))
- `http_client_ip_label` (String) Retain the default value (X-Client-IP) or provide an other value (for example, X-Forwarded-For).
- `http_compression` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable the GZIP compression function.
- `http_include_response_type_encoding` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable including the character set encoding in the HTTP content-type header produced. For example, when sending a UTF-8 encoded XML document: If this property is disabled, 'content-type=text/xml' will be sent. If this property is enabled, 'content-type=text/xml; charset=UTF-8' will be sent.
- `http_log_cor_id_label` (String) Enter the name of an HTTP Header to read to determine the global transaction ID for chained services. This value defaults to X-Global-Transaction-ID.
- `http_persist_timeout` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of seconds (within the range 0 through 7200, with a default of 180) that a firewall or proxy maintains an idle TCP connection.
- `http_persistent_connections` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable HTTP persistent connections.
- `http_proxy_host` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the HTTP proxy to use when the remote server can be accessed only through another HTTP proxy.
- `http_proxy_port` (Number) Specify the port number on the HTTP proxy server.
- `http_timeout` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of seconds (within the range 1 through 86400, with a default of 120) that a firewall or proxy maintains an idle HTTP connection.
- `http_version` (Attributes) HTTP Version
  - CLI Alias: `version` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--http_version))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the local port to monitor for incoming client requests.
- `monitor_processing_policy` (String) Select the way that the system behaves when more than one monitor is attached to a service.
- `priority` (String) Control the service scheduling priority. When system resources are in high demand, "high" priority services will be favored over lower priority services.
- `query_param_namespace` (String) The namespace in which to put all parameters that are specified in the URL query string.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the specific server supported by this DataPower service. If using load balancers, specify the name of the Load Balancer Group. If using the On Demand Router, specify the keyword ODR-LBG. Load balancer groups and the On Demand Router can be used only when Type is static-backend.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port number to monitor. Used only when Type is static-backend.
- `ssl_client` (String)
- `ssl_config_type` (String)
- `ssl_server` (String)
- `ssl_sni_server` (String)
- `style_policy` (String)
- `stylesheet_parameters` (Attributes List) Stylesheets used in Processing Policies can take stylesheet parameters. These parameters can be passed in by this object. More than one parameter can be defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--stylesheet_parameters))
- `suppress_http_warnings` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable the generation of Transformation Applied (Warning Code: 214) messages by the HTTP service.
- `type` (String)
- `url_rewrite_policy` (String)
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_manager` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--debug_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.debug_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `client_ip` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against client IP addresses. Requests from clients with matching IP addresses will trigger the probe. To create a match for all IP addresses, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `in_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the inbound URLs. Requests from clients with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `out_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the outbound URLs. Responses from servers with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against names of processing rules. Rules with matching names will trigger the probe. To create a match for all names, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_type` (String) Select the rule direction or type that will trigger the probe.
- `xpath` (String) Specify an XPath expression of use the XPath Tool to define an XPath expression to match against messages. Messages that contain the expression will trigger the probe.


<a id="nestedatt--result--header_injection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_injection`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) Select the direction of the message.
- `header_tag` (String) Enter the name of the header to inject. Even though the headers are not defined in the original request, the device provides the specified headers to the backend server.
- `header_tag_value` (String) Enter the value for the header tag.


<a id="nestedatt--result--header_suppression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_suppression`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) Select the direction of the message.
- `header_tag` (String) Enter the name of the header to suppress. When these headers are defined in the original request, the device removes the specified headers before forwarding the request to the backend server.


<a id="nestedatt--result--http_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.http_version`

Read-Only:

- `back` (String) Select the HTTP version to use on the server-side connection. The default is HTTP 1.1.
- `front` (String) Select the HTTP version to use on the client-side connection. The default is HTTP 1.1.


<a id="nestedatt--result--stylesheet_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.stylesheet_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `parameter_name` (String) <p>Specify the name for the stylesheet parameter. The following list identifies common stylesheet parameters:</p><ul><li>decrypt-key: For decryption operations, the name of the Key object to be used.</li><li>keypair-key: For signing operations, the name of the Key object to be used.</li><li>keypair-cert: For signing operations, the name of the Certificate object to be used.</li><li>recipient: For encryption operations, the name of the Certificate object for the intended recipient.</li><li>valcred: For authentication, the name of the Validation Credentials object to be used.</li></ul>
- `parameter_value` (String) Specify the value for the parameter. Typically, the value is the name of a configuration object.

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/data-sources/xsl_proxy_service.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xsl_proxy_service Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xsl_proxy_service (Data Source)

<p>The XSL Proxy is obsolete.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_xsl_proxy_service" "test" {
  id         = "AccTest_XSLProxyService"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The name of the object to retrieve.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects. If `id` was provided and it exists, it will be the only item in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) This Access Control List will be used to allow or deny access to this service based on the IP address of the client. When attached to a service, an Access Control List (ACL) denies all access by default. To deny access to only selected addresses, first grant access to all addresses (allow 0.0.0.0) and then create deny entries for the desired hosts.
- `always_show_errors` (Boolean) If set, HTTP responses may be generated with errors appended to partially generated documents. If not set error responses will only be sent to the browser if no other output has been created.
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `count_monitors` (List of String) Count Monitors watch for defined messaging events and increment counters each time the event occurs. When a certain threshold is reached, the monitor can either post a notification to a log or block service for a configured amount of time. Select a Count Monitor from the list to activate that monitor for this firewall. Click the + button to create a new Count Monitor.
- `credential_charset` (String)
- `debug_history` (Number) Set the number of records for transaction diagnostic mode in the probe. Enter a value in the range 10 - 250. The default value is 25.
- `debug_mode` (String) <p>Select the diagnostic mode for processing policies. When enabled, you can view details about the state of variables and contexts for a captured transaction in the probe. The default value is <tt>off</tt> .</p><p>Transaction diagnostic mode is not intended for use in a production environment. Transaction diagnostic mode consumes significant resources that can slow down transaction processing.</p>
- `debug_trigger` (Attributes List) The probe captures transactions that meet one or more of the conditions defined by the triggers. These triggers examine the direction or type of the message flow and examine the message for an XPath expression match. When a message meets one of these conditions, the transaction is captured in diagnostics mode and becomes part of the list of transactions that can be viewed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--debug_trigger))
- `default_param_namespace` (String) If a stylesheet parameter is defined without a namespace (or without explicitly specifying the null namespace), then this is the namespace into which the parameter will be assigned.
- `disallow_empty_response` (Boolean) If set, only responses with message bodies are allowed (that is, not 304 and so forth).
- `disallow_get` (Boolean) If set, only methods with incoming data (such as POST) are allowed.
- `do_chunked_upload` (Boolean) Use the radio buttons to enable (on) or disable (off) the ability to send Content-Type Chunked Encoded documents to the back end server. When the device employs the HTTP/1.1 protocol, the body of the document can be delimited by either Content-Length or chunked encodings. While all servers will understand how to interpret Content-Length, many applications will fail to understand Chunked encoding. For this reason, Content-Length is the standard method used. However doing so interferes with the ability of the device to fully stream. To stream full documents towards the back end server, this property should be turned on. However, the back end server must be RFC 2616 compatible, because this feature cannot be renegotiated at run time, unlike all other HTTP/1.1 features which can be negotiated down at runtime if necessary. This property can also be enabled by configuring a User Agent to enable it on a per-URL basis.
- `do_host_rewrite` (Boolean) When enabled, the device will rewrite the Host: header to be the address of the back-end server. This is not what a strict proxy would do, and may not be appropriate for all topologies.
- `duration_monitors` (List of String) Duration Monitors watch for events meeting or exceeding a configured duration. When a duration is met or exceeded, the monitor can either post a notification to a log or block service for a configured amount of time. Select a Duration Monitor from the list to activate that monitor for this firewall. Click the + button to create a new Duration Monitor.
- `force_policy_exec` (Boolean) <p>Some message patterns may include bodyless request and response messages. This is common with RESTful web services where messages may or may not include a body but still requires the processing policy to run. To enable this capability for services whose request and response type is XML (or marked as non-XML i.e. JSON), set this option to 'on'. By doing so, the processing policy rules will always be executed.</p>
- `header_injection` (Attributes List) HTTP Header Injection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_injection))
- `header_suppression` (Attributes List) HTTP Headers can be suppressed (removed) from the message flow using this property. For example, the Via: header, which contains the name of the DataPower service handling the message, may be suppressed from messages sent by the DataPower device back to the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--header_suppression))
- `http_client_ip_label` (String) Retain the default value (X-Client-IP) or provide an other value (for example, X-Forwarded-For).
- `http_compression` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable the GZIP compression function.
- `http_include_response_type_encoding` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable including the character set encoding in the HTTP content-type header produced. For example, when sending a UTF-8 encoded XML document: If this property is disabled, 'content-type=text/xml' will be sent. If this property is enabled, 'content-type=text/xml; charset=UTF-8' will be sent.
- `http_log_cor_id_label` (String) Enter the name of an HTTP Header to read to determine the global transaction ID for chained services. This value defaults to X-Global-Transaction-ID.
- `http_persist_timeout` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of seconds (within the range 0 through 7200, with a default of 180) that a firewall or proxy maintains an idle TCP connection.
- `http_persistent_connections` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable HTTP persistent connections.
- `http_proxy_host` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the HTTP proxy to use when the remote server can be accessed only through another HTTP proxy.
- `http_proxy_port` (Number) Specify the port number on the HTTP proxy server.
- `http_timeout` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of seconds (within the range 1 through 86400, with a default of 120) that a firewall or proxy maintains an idle HTTP connection.
- `http_version` (Attributes) HTTP Version
  - CLI Alias: `version` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--http_version))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the local port to monitor for incoming client requests.
- `monitor_processing_policy` (String) Select the way that the system behaves when more than one monitor is attached to a service.
- `priority` (String) Control the service scheduling priority. When system resources are in high demand, "high" priority services will be favored over lower priority services.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host to retrieve this data from. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `query_param_namespace` (String) The namespace in which to put all parameters that are specified in the URL query string.
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the specific server supported by this DataPower service. If using load balancers, specify the name of the Load Balancer Group. If using the On Demand Router, specify the keyword ODR-LBG. Load balancer groups and the On Demand Router can be used only when Type is static-backend.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port number to monitor. Used only when Type is static-backend.
- `ssl_client` (String)
- `ssl_config_type` (String)
- `ssl_server` (String)
- `ssl_sni_server` (String)
- `style_policy` (String)
- `stylesheet_parameters` (Attributes List) Stylesheets used in Processing Policies can take stylesheet parameters. These parameters can be passed in by this object. More than one parameter can be defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--stylesheet_parameters))
- `suppress_http_warnings` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable the generation of Transformation Applied (Warning Code: 214) messages by the HTTP service.
- `type` (String)
- `url_rewrite_policy` (String)
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
- `xml_manager` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--debug_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.debug_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `client_ip` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against client IP addresses. Requests from clients with matching IP addresses will trigger the probe. To create a match for all IP addresses, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `in_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the inbound URLs. Requests from clients with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `out_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the outbound URLs. Responses from servers with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against names of processing rules. Rules with matching names will trigger the probe. To create a match for all names, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_type` (String) Select the rule direction or type that will trigger the probe.
- `xpath` (String) Specify an XPath expression of use the XPath Tool to define an XPath expression to match against messages. Messages that contain the expression will trigger the probe.


<a id="nestedatt--result--header_injection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_injection`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) Select the direction of the message.
- `header_tag` (String) Enter the name of the header to inject. Even though the headers are not defined in the original request, the device provides the specified headers to the backend server.
- `header_tag_value` (String) Enter the value for the header tag.


<a id="nestedatt--result--header_suppression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.header_suppression`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) Select the direction of the message.
- `header_tag` (String) Enter the name of the header to suppress. When these headers are defined in the original request, the device removes the specified headers before forwarding the request to the backend server.


<a id="nestedatt--result--http_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.http_version`

Read-Only:

- `back` (String) Select the HTTP version to use on the server-side connection. The default is HTTP 1.1.
- `front` (String) Select the HTTP version to use on the client-side connection. The default is HTTP 1.1.


<a id="nestedatt--result--stylesheet_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.stylesheet_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `parameter_name` (String) <p>Specify the name for the stylesheet parameter. The following list identifies common stylesheet parameters:</p><ul><li>decrypt-key: For decryption operations, the name of the Key object to be used.</li><li>keypair-key: For signing operations, the name of the Key object to be used.</li><li>keypair-cert: For signing operations, the name of the Certificate object to be used.</li><li>recipient: For encryption operations, the name of the Certificate object for the intended recipient.</li><li>valcred: For authentication, the name of the Validation Credentials object to be used.</li></ul>
- `parameter_value` (String) Specify the value for the parameter. Typically, the value is the name of a configuration object.
