---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xslcoprocservice Data Source - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xslcoprocservice (Data Source)

<p>The XSL Coprocessor is obsolete.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datapower_xslcoprocservice" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) List of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dependency_actions))

Read-Only:

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cache_relative_url` (Boolean)
- `connection_timeout` (Number)
- `crypto_extensions` (Boolean)
- `debug_history` (Number)
- `debug_mode` (String)
- `debug_trigger` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--debug_trigger))
- `default_param_namespace` (String)
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `intermediate_result_timeout` (Number)
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
- `local_port` (Number)
- `priority` (String)
- `ssl_server` (String)
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String)
- `sslsni_server` (String)
- `style_policy_rule` (String)
- `url_rewrite_policy` (String)
- `use_client_uri_resolver` (Boolean)
- `user_summary` (String)
- `xml_manager` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--result--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--result--debug_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.debug_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `client_ip` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against client IP addresses. Requests from clients with matching IP addresses will trigger the probe. To create a match for all IP addresses, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `in_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the inbound URLs. Requests from clients with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `out_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the outbound URLs. Responses from servers with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against names of processing rules. Rules with matching names will trigger the probe. To create a match for all names, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_type` (String) Select the rule direction or type that will trigger the probe.
  - Choices: `all`, `response`, `request`, `call`, `error`, `scheduled`, `lbhealth`
- `x_path` (String) Specify an XPath expression of use the XPath Tool to define an XPath expression to match against messages. Messages that contain the expression will trigger the probe.
