
---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: IBM DataPower"
description: |-
  The IBM DataPower Gateway provider provides resources to interact via DataPower's REST API.
---

The IBM DataPower Gateway provider provides resources to interact via DataPower's REST API.

Resources and data sources have been tested against the following release:

| Platform        | Version  |
| --------------- | -------- |
| DataPower       | 10.6.0.6 |

Documentation: <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ScottW514/datapower/latest>

## Getting Started

The following guides with examples exist to demonstrate the use of the provider:

- [Getting Started](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ScottW514/datapower/latest/docs/guides/getting_started)
- [Dependency Actions](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ScottW514/datapower/latest/docs/guides/dependency_actions)

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "datapower" {
  hostname = "datapower-dev"
  username = "admin"
  password = "admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the Datapower instance. Can be set via DP_HOSTNAME evnvironment variable. Defaults to `localhost`
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client. Can be set via DP_INSECURE evnvironment variable. Defaults to `false`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the Datapower instance. Can be set via DP_PASSWORD evnvironment variable.
- `port` (Number) Port for REST API calls. Can be set via DP_PORT evnvironment variable. Defaults to `5554`.
- `targets` (Attributes Map) Map of available target hosts. The map key value is assigned to `provider_target` on `resource` or `datasource` blocks. Top levels values will be used for any unset attributes on the target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))
- `username` (String) Username for the Datapower instance. Can be set via DP_USERNAME evnvironment variable.

<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname or IP address of the target.

Optional:

- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client. If unset, will use the top level `insecure` or evnvironment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the target. If unset, will use the top level `password` or evnvironment variable.
- `port` (Number) Port for REST API calls. Defaults to `5554`.
- `username` (String) Username for the target. If unset, will use the top level `username` or evnvironment variable.

## Disclaimer
**This provider is under active development, and not recommended for production workloads. EXPECT BREAKING CHANGES!**

This DataPower Terraform provider is an unofficial, independently developed tool for interacting with IBM DataPower APIs. It is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or officially supported by IBM Corporation.

Portions of the documentation in this provider, including descriptions of API endpoints and property names, are derived directly from the official IBM DataPower API documentation, or pulled from API responses. These descriptions are the copyright of IBM Corporation and are used here for reference and compatibility purposes only. No copyright or ownership is claimed over these descriptions, and all credit for them belongs to IBM Corporation.

"DataPower" is a registered trademark of IBM Corporation. Use of the name in this project is for identification and compatibility purposes only and does not imply any ownership or endorsement.
