---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaa_jwt_validator Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_aaa_jwt_validator (Resource)

<p>The JSON Web Token (JWT) Validator specifies credentials and different methods to validate a JWT.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `jwt-validator`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_aaa_jwt_validator" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAAAJWTValidator"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  val_method = {
  }
  claims = [{
    value = "value"
  }]
  username_claim = "sub"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `aud` (String) The optional audience claim. The "aud" PCRE can be used to verify the JWT. The maximum length of the value is 256 characters.
  - CLI Alias: `aud`
- `claims` (Attributes List) JWT claims need to be validated. You must enter the claim name, value, and data type. If the data type is string, specify the PCRE regular expression to verify the claim value.
  - CLI Alias: `claims` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--claims))
- `customized_script` (String) A custom GatewayScript or XSLT file is processed to validate the JWT. The GatewayScript or XSLT file must be stored in the <tt>local:</tt> (the default) or <tt>store:</tt> directory. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Custom processing</tt> in the Validation method field.
  - CLI Alias: `customized-script`
  - Required When: `val_method`=`customized`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `decrypt_credential_type` (String) Various decryption methods (such as PKIX, shared secret key, JSON Web Key (JWK), custom processing, remotely retrieve JWK) can be used to decrypt the JWT. The default method is PKIX. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Decrypt</tt> in the Validation method field.
  - CLI Alias: `decrypt-type`
  - Choices: `pkix`, `ssecret`, `jwk`, `jwk-remote`, `custom`
  - Required When: `val_method`=`decrypt`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `decrypt_fetch_cred_ssl_profile` (String) The TLS client profile is specified for fetching the decryption credentials. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Decrypt</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>Remotely retrieve JWK</tt> from the Decrypt method list.
  - CLI Alias: `decrypt-fetch-cred-sslprofile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: NOT(`val_method`=`decrypt` AND `decrypt_credential_type`=`jwk-remote`)
- `decrypt_fetch_cred_url` (String) The URL indicates the source location where the decryption credentials can be fetched for decrypting the JWT. The URL must be in the format of http or https. By default, the URL is http://example.com/v3/key. This field is meaningful when you choose <tt>Decrypt</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>Remotely retrieve JWK</tt> from the Decrypt method list.
  - CLI Alias: `decrypt-fetch-cred-url`
  - Default value: `http://example.com/v3/key`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`decrypt` AND `decrypt_credential_type`=`jwk-remote`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `decrypt_jwk` (String) The file containing the JWK or key set is fetched to decrypt the JWT. The file must be stored in the local: or store: directory. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Decrypt</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>JWK</tt> from the Decrypt method list.
  - CLI Alias: `decrypt-jwk`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`decrypt` AND `decrypt_credential_type`=`jwk`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `decrypt_key` (String) The private key can be used to decrypt the JWT. You can get the key alias by configuring the Crypto Key. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Decrypt</tt> in the Validation Method field and choose <tt>PKIX</tt> from the Decrypt method list.
  - CLI Alias: `decrypt-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_key:id`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`decrypt` AND `decrypt_credential_type`=`pkix`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `decrypt_s_secret` (String) The shared secret key can be used to decrypt the JWT. You can get the shared secret key alias by configuring the Crypto Shared Secret Key. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Decrypt</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>Shared secret</tt> from the Decrypt method list.
  - CLI Alias: `decrypt-ssecret`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_sskey:id`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`decrypt` AND `decrypt_credential_type`=`ssecret`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `issuer` (String) The optional issuer claim. The "iss" PCRE can be used to verify the JWT. The maximum length of the value is 256 characters.
  - CLI Alias: `iss`
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the JWT Validator configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `username_claim` (String) This field is applicable only when the JWT Validator is used in the AAA identity extraction phase. By default, the value of the "sub" claim is populated as the username element of the identity extraction output. Ensure that the claim specified in this field is present in the incoming JWT. If no match is found, no username is populated in the AAA processing.
  - CLI Alias: `username-claim`
  - Default value: `sub`
- `val_method` (Attributes) Various methods can be used to validate the JWT. You can decrypt the JWT, verify the JWT signature, and process a custom GatewayScript or XSLT file for further processing.
  - CLI Alias: `validate-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--val_method))
- `validate_custom` (String) A custom GatewayScript or XSLT file provides the key material information to decrypt or verify the JWT. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Custom</tt> for the Decrypt method or Verify method list.
  - CLI Alias: `validate-custom`
  - Required When: ((`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`custom`) OR (`val_method`=`decrypt` AND `decrypt_credential_type`=`custom`))
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `verify_certificate` (String) The certificate can be used to verify the JWT signature. You can get the certificate by configuring the Crypto Certificate. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Verify</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>PKIX</tt> from the Verify method field.
  - CLI Alias: `verify-certificate`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_certificate:id`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`pkix`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `verify_certificate_against_val_cred` (Boolean) You decide whether to use validation credentials to verify the JWT signature. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Verify</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>PKIX</tt> from the Verify method list.
  - CLI Alias: `verify-certificate-against-valcred`
  - Default value: `false`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`pkix`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `verify_credential_type` (String) Various methods (such as PKIX, shared secret key, JWK, custom processing, remotely retrieve JWK) can be used to verify the JWT signature. The default method is PKIX. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Verify</tt> in the Validation method field.
  - CLI Alias: `verify-type`
  - Choices: `pkix`, `ssecret`, `jwk`, `jwk-remote`, `custom`
  - Required When: `val_method`=`verify`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `verify_fetch_cred_ssl_profile` (String) The TLS client profile is provided for fetching the verification credentials. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Verify</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>Remotely retrieve JWK</tt> from the Verify method list.
  - CLI Alias: `verify-fetch-cred-sslprofile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: NOT(`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`jwk-remote`)
- `verify_fetch_cred_url` (String) The URL indicates the source location where the verification credentials can be fetched for verifying the JWT signature. The URL must be in the format of http or https. By default, the URL is http://example.com/v3/certs. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Verify</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>Remotely retrieve JWK</tt> from the Verify method list.
  - CLI Alias: `verify-fetch-cred-url`
  - Default value: `http://example.com/v3/certs`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`jwk-remote`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `verify_jwk` (String) The file containing the JWK or key set is fetched to verify the JWT signature. The file must be stored in the local: or store: directory. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Verify</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>JWK</tt> from the Verify method list.
  - CLI Alias: `verify-jwk`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`jwk`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `verify_s_secret` (String) The shared secret key can be used to verify the JWT signature. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>Verify</tt> in the Validation method field and choose <tt>Shared secret</tt> from the Verify method list.
  - CLI Alias: `verify-ssecret`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_sskey:id`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`ssecret`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `verify_val_cred` (String) The validation credentials can be used to verify the signers' certificate for the JWT. You can get credentials by configuring the Crypto Validation Credentials. This field is meaningful when you select <tt>on</tt> in the Signature validation credentials field.
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_val_cred:id`
  - Required When: (`val_method`=`verify` AND `verify_credential_type`=`pkix` AND `verify_certificate_against_val_cred`=`true`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required

<a id="nestedatt--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `claims`

Required:

- `value` (String) Specify the value of the JWT claim.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Specify the name of the JWT claim. A claim name is always a string.
- `type` (String) Specify the data type of the JWT claim value. The type can be string, boolean, or number.
  - Choices: `string`, `bool`, `number`
  - Default value: `string`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--val_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `val_method`

Optional:

- `customized` (Boolean) Use the custom processing mechanism to validate the JWT
  - Default value: `false`
- `decrypt` (Boolean) Decrypt the encrypted JWT
  - Default value: `false`
- `verify` (Boolean) Verify the signed JWT
  - Default value: `false`
