docs/resources/aaajwtgenerator.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaajwtgenerator Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWT Generator
  CLI Alias: jwt-generator
---

# datapower_aaajwtgenerator (Resource)

JWT Generator
  - CLI Alias: `jwt-generator`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_aaajwtgenerator" "test" {
  id         = "AAAJWTGenerator_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `additional_claims` (Attributes) Additional claims
  - CLI Alias: `add-claims` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_claims))
- `audience` (List of String) Audience claim
  - CLI Alias: `aud`
- `custom_claims` (String) Custom claims
  - CLI Alias: `custom-claims`
- `duration` (Number) Validity period
  - CLI Alias: `duration`
  - Range: `1`-`31622400`
  - Default value: `3600`
- `enc_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `enc`
  - Choices: `A128CBC-HS256`, `A192CBC-HS384`, `A256CBC-HS512`, `A128GCM`, `A192GCM`, `A256GCM`
  - Default value: `A128CBC-HS256`
- `encrypt_algorithm` (String) Key management algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `enc-alg`
  - Choices: `RSA1_5`, `RSA-OAEP`, `RSA-OAEP-256`, `A128KW`, `A192KW`, `A256KW`, `dir`
  - Default value: `RSA1_5`
- `encrypt_certificate` (String) Encryption certificate
  - CLI Alias: `enc-cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `encrypt_ss_key` (String) Encryption key
  - CLI Alias: `enc-sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `gen_method` (Attributes) JWT generation method
  - CLI Alias: `generate-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gen_method))
- `issuer` (String) Issuer
  - CLI Alias: `iss`
  - Default value: `idg`
- `not_before` (Number) Delta for not before claim
  - CLI Alias: `nbf`
  - Range: `0`-`480`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `sign_algorithm` (String) Signing algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `sign-alg`
  - Choices: `HS256`, `HS384`, `HS512`, `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`, `ES256`, `ES384`, `ES512`, `PS256`, `PS384`, `PS512`
  - Default value: `RS256`
- `sign_key` (String) Signing key
  - CLI Alias: `sign-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokey:id`
- `sign_ss_key` (String) Signing shared secret
  - CLI Alias: `sign-sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--additional_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_claims`

Optional:

- `aud` (Boolean) Audience
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom` (Boolean) Custom
  - Default value: `false`
- `iat` (Boolean) Issued at
  - Default value: `false`
- `jti` (Boolean) JWT ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `nbf` (Boolean) Not before
  - Default value: `false`
- `nonce` (Boolean) Nonce
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--gen_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gen_method`

Optional:

- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypt
  - Default value: `false`
- `sign` (Boolean) Sign
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/aaajwtgenerator.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_aaajwtgenerator Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWT Generator
  CLI Alias: jwt-generator
---

# datapower_aaajwtgenerator (Resource)

JWT Generator
  - CLI Alias: `jwt-generator`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_aaajwtgenerator" "test" {
  id         = "AAAJWTGenerator_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `additional_claims` (Attributes) Additional claims
  - CLI Alias: `add-claims` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_claims))
- `audience` (List of String) Audience claim
  - CLI Alias: `aud`
- `custom_claims` (String) Custom claims
  - CLI Alias: `custom-claims`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `duration` (Number) Validity period
  - CLI Alias: `duration`
  - Range: `1`-`31622400`
  - Default value: `3600`
- `enc_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `enc`
  - Choices: `A128CBC-HS256`, `A192CBC-HS384`, `A256CBC-HS512`, `A128GCM`, `A192GCM`, `A256GCM`
  - Default value: `A128CBC-HS256`
- `encrypt_algorithm` (String) Key management algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `enc-alg`
  - Choices: `RSA1_5`, `RSA-OAEP`, `RSA-OAEP-256`, `A128KW`, `A192KW`, `A256KW`, `dir`
  - Default value: `RSA1_5`
- `encrypt_certificate` (String) Encryption certificate
  - CLI Alias: `enc-cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `encrypt_ss_key` (String) Encryption key
  - CLI Alias: `enc-sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `gen_method` (Attributes) JWT generation method
  - CLI Alias: `generate-method` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gen_method))
- `issuer` (String) Issuer
  - CLI Alias: `iss`
  - Default value: `idg`
- `not_before` (Number) Delta for not before claim
  - CLI Alias: `nbf`
  - Range: `0`-`480`
- `sign_algorithm` (String) Signing algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `sign-alg`
  - Choices: `HS256`, `HS384`, `HS512`, `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`, `ES256`, `ES384`, `ES512`, `PS256`, `PS384`, `PS512`
  - Default value: `RS256`
- `sign_key` (String) Signing key
  - CLI Alias: `sign-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokey:id`
- `sign_ss_key` (String) Signing shared secret
  - CLI Alias: `sign-sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--additional_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_claims`

Optional:

- `aud` (Boolean) Audience
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom` (Boolean) Custom
  - Default value: `false`
- `iat` (Boolean) Issued at
  - Default value: `false`
- `jti` (Boolean) JWT ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `nbf` (Boolean) Not before
  - Default value: `false`
- `nonce` (Boolean) Nonce
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--gen_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gen_method`

Optional:

- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypt
  - Default value: `false`
- `sign` (Boolean) Sign
  - Default value: `false`
