---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_amqp_broker Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  In AMQP, distributed source and target termini are managed by a broker. The broker provides messaging services for communicating applications by periodically monitoring and polling termini. The broker ensures that sent messages are directed to the correct target terminus or are routed to another server. The AMQP broker configuration corresponds to an AMQP broker that is running on another host in the network. The configured properties enable communication between the DataPower Gateway and the remote AMQP broker.
  CLI Alias: amqp-broker
---

# datapower_amqp_broker (Resource)

In AMQP, distributed source and target termini are managed by a broker. The broker provides messaging services for communicating applications by periodically monitoring and polling termini. The broker ensures that sent messages are directed to the correct target terminus or are routed to another server. The AMQP broker configuration corresponds to an AMQP broker that is running on another host in the network. The configured properties enable communication between the DataPower Gateway and the remote AMQP broker.
  - CLI Alias: `amqp-broker`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_amqp_broker" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestAMQPBroker"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  host_name     = "host.name"
  port          = 5672
  xml_manager   = "default"
  authorization = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `host_name` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `hostname`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `authorization` (String) Specify the SASL layer that the AMQP broker uses to authenticate with the AMQP server. The default setting in no authentication.
  - CLI Alias: `authorization`
  - Choices: `none`, `anonymous`, `plain`
  - Default value: `none`
- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable the automatic retry procedure after an AMQP connection failure. By default, the automatic retry behavior is enabled. This setting does not affect attempts over an established connection.
  - CLI Alias: `auto-retry`
  - Default value: `true`
- `container_id` (String) AMQP container ID
  - CLI Alias: `container-id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `long_retry_interval` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds to use after the number of attempts is reached to attempt to reestablish a failed connection. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 600. <p>This setting does not affect attempts over an established connection.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `long-retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `600`
  - Not Valid When: `auto_retry`!=`true`
- `maximum_frame_size` (Number) Specify the maximum frame size in bytes to allow. Frames Frames that are larger are rejected. When rejected, the connection is closed. Enter a value in the range 512 - 104857600. The default value is 104857600.
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-frame-size`
  - Range: `512`-`104857600`
  - Default value: `104857600`
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
  - Required When: `authorization`=`plain`
  - Not Valid When: `authorization`!=`plain`
- `port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `5672`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `reporting_interval` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds between the writing of identical log message. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 10.
  - CLI Alias: `reporting-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `10`
  - Not Valid When: `auto_retry`!=`true`
- `retry_attempts` (Number) Specify the number of attempts for a failed connection to the remote AMQP server. After the number of attempts is reached, the long retry interval is used. Enter a value in the range 0 - 65535. The default value is 6. The special value of 0 disables the long interval, where the retry interval is used forever.
  - CLI Alias: `retry-attempts`
  - Default value: `6`
  - Not Valid When: `auto_retry`!=`true`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds to wait before attempting to reestablish a failed connection. After the number of attempts is reached, attempts to reestablish a failed connection use the interval that is defined by the long retry interval. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 10. <p>This setting does not affect attempts over an established connection.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `10`
  - Not Valid When: `auto_retry`!=`true`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
- `user_name` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `user`
  - Required When: `authorization`=`plain`
  - Not Valid When: `authorization`!=`plain`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) Specify the XML manager to control access to the remote AMQP server. The XML manager obtains and manages documents.
  - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xml_manager:id`
  - Default value: `default`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
