---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_auth_url_registry Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage the API authentication URL registry.
  CLI Alias: api-auth-url-reg
---

# datapower_api_auth_url_registry (Resource)

Configure and manage the API authentication URL registry.
  - CLI Alias: `api-auth-url-reg`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_auth_url_registry" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPIAuthURLRegistry"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  auth_url   = "http://localhost"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `auth_url` (String) Specify the URL of the authentication endpoint to authenticate credentials. The user credentials in the authorization header are validated by the authentication endpoint. When the user is authenticated, DataPower expects the authentication endpoint to return an HTTP 200 status code. All other status codes result in an authentication failure, and access is denied.
  - CLI Alias: `auth-url`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `tls_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `tls-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
