---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_oauth_req Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An OAuth security requirement defines the allowed scopes for controlling access to APIs or operations through the token-based OAuth protocol. By using an OAuth token, a user can grant websites or applications to access their data that are stored with another service provider, without sharing their personal credentials. Note: You cannot apply more than one OAuth security requirement to an API or operation.
  CLI Alias: api-sec-oauth-req
---

# datapower_api_security_oauth_req (Resource)

An OAuth security requirement defines the allowed scopes for controlling access to APIs or operations through the token-based OAuth protocol. By using an OAuth token, a user can grant websites or applications to access their data that are stored with another service provider, without sharing their personal credentials. <p><b>Note:</b> You cannot apply more than one OAuth security requirement to an API or operation.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-oauth-req`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_security_oauth_req" "test" {
  id                     = "ResTestAPISecurityOAuthReq"
  app_domain             = "acceptance_test"
  api_security_oauth_def = "AccTest_APISecurityOAuth"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_security_oauth_def` (String) OAuth security definition
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-definition`
  - Reference to: `datapower_api_security_oauth:id`
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `oauth_allowed_scope` (String) Specify the scopes that the access token is valid to access. To specify multiple scopes, use a space between each scope. The order of scopes does not matter. <p>The allowed scopes must be a subset of the allowed scopes set for the OAuth provider settings.</p><p>Scopes ensure that the granted access token is valid to access only specific protected resources.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `allowed-scopes`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
