---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_schema Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API schema defines the schemas to validate JSON, XML, WSDL, or SOAP messages.
  CLI Alias: api-schema
---

# datapower_api_schema (Resource)

An API schema defines the schemas to validate JSON, XML, WSDL, or SOAP messages.
  - CLI Alias: `api-schema`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_schema" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestAPISchema"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  json_schema = "http://localhost/json"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `graphql_schema` (String) Specify the schema URL for GraphQL message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore-Pet.graphql</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
  - CLI Alias: `graphql-schema`
- `json_schema` (String) Specify the schema URL for JSON message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore.json#/definitions/Pet</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
  - CLI Alias: `json-schema`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `wsdl_attachment_part` (String) Specify the mime:content to validate in the format <tt>mime:content/@part</tt> . The value must be the unqualified name of the message part. The name is the same as the part attribute on the corresponding <tt>mime:content</tt> component in the WSDL file. When not specified or <tt>*</tt> , the root MIME part is validated. The root MIME part is bound to a <tt>soap:Body</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-attachment-part`
  - Not Valid When: `xml_type`!=`wsdl`
- `wsdl_message_direction_or_name` (String) Specify the <tt>wsdl:input</tt> , <tt>wsdl:output</tt> , or <tt>wsdl:fault</tt> for the traffic to validate. The value must be the name of one or more WSDL input, output, or fault components, or <tt>#input</tt> or <tt>#output</tt> for the request and response directions respectively, or <tt>*</tt> for all inputs, outputs, and faults in the WSDL file. When specified and not <tt>*</tt> , only messages that match the specified direction or name are valid. Faults are valid for the response direction.
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-message-direction-or-name`
  - Not Valid When: `xml_type`!=`wsdl`
- `wsdl_operation_name` (String) Specify the <tt>wsdl:operation</tt> for the traffic to validate. The value should be the unqualified name of the operation or <tt>*</tt> for all operations in the WSDL file. When specified and not <tt>*</tt> , only messages for the named operation are valid.
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-operation`
  - Not Valid When: `xml_type`!=`wsdl`
- `wsdl_port_q_name` (String) Specify the <tt>wsdl:port</tt> for the traffic to validate. The value should be a QName in the form <tt>{namespace-uri}local-part</tt> or <tt>*</tt> for all ports in the WSDL file. When specified and not <tt>*</tt> , only messages for the named port are valid.
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-port`
  - Not Valid When: `xml_type`!=`wsdl`
- `wsdl_schema_url` (String) Specify the schema URL for WSDL message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore-Pet.wsdl</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-schema-url`
  - Not Valid When: `xml_type`!=`wsdl`
- `xml_schema_url` (String) Specify the schema URL for XML message validation. For example, <tt>local:///petstore-Pet.xsd</tt> . To accept all input, use the string <tt>accept</tt> instead of a URL. To reject all input, use the string <tt>reject</tt> instead of a URL.
  - CLI Alias: `xml-schema-url`
  - Not Valid When: `xml_type`!=`xml`
- `xml_type` (String) XML type
  - CLI Alias: `xml-type`
  - Choices: `xml`, `wsdl`
- `xml_validation_mode` (String) XML validation mode
  - CLI Alias: `xml-validation-mode`
  - Choices: `xsd`, `soap-body`
  - Not Valid When: `xml_type`!=`xml`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
