docs/resources/api_security_requirement.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_requirement Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The API security requirement defines the required security schemes that an API request must pass to process an API operation. You must specify the security schemes that are declared in the security definitions. When multiple security schemes are specified, the API request must pass all security checks.
  CLI Alias: api-sec-req
---

# datapower_api_security_requirement (Resource)

The API security requirement defines the required security schemes that an API request must pass to process an API operation. You must specify the security schemes that are declared in the security definitions. When multiple security schemes are specified, the API request must pass all security checks.
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-req`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_security_requirement" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPISecurityRequirement"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  security   = ["AccTest_APISecurityAPIKey"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `security` (List of String) Security definition (reference to APISecurityAPIKey, APISecurityBasicAuth, APISecurityHTTPScheme, or APISecurityOAuthReq)
  - CLI Alias: `security`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/api_security_requirement.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_requirement Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The API security requirement defines the required security schemes that an API request must pass to process an API operation. You must specify the security schemes that are declared in the security definitions. When multiple security schemes are specified, the API request must pass all security checks.
  CLI Alias: api-sec-req
---

# datapower_api_security_requirement (Resource)

The API security requirement defines the required security schemes that an API request must pass to process an API operation. You must specify the security schemes that are declared in the security definitions. When multiple security schemes are specified, the API request must pass all security checks.
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-req`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_security_requirement" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPISecurityRequirement"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  security   = ["AccTest_APISecurityAPIKey"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `security` (List of String) Security definition (reference to APISecurityAPIKey, APISecurityBasicAuth, APISecurityHTTPScheme, or APISecurityOAuthReq)
  - CLI Alias: `security`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
