docs/resources/api_security_http_scheme.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_http_scheme Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage an HTTP bearer authentication security definition with the Bearer authentication security scheme in an API as defined in OpenAPI 3.0. Bearer authentication is an HTTP Authentication scheme and was originally part of RFC 6750: The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage.
  CLI Alias: api-sec-http-scheme
---

# datapower_api_security_http_scheme (Resource)

Configure and manage an HTTP bearer authentication security definition with the Bearer authentication security scheme in an API as defined in OpenAPI 3.0. Bearer authentication is an HTTP Authentication scheme and was originally part of RFC 6750: The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage.
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-http-scheme`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_security_http_scheme" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPISecurityHTTPScheme"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `bearer_format` (String) Specify how the bearer token is formatted. The format is primarily a hint.
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-format`
  - Not Valid When: `scheme`!=`bearer`
- `bearer_validation_endpoint` (String) Specify the URL of the validation endpoint. When this connection uses the HTTPS protocol, specify the TLS client profile to secure the connection.
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-endpoint`
  - Required When: (`scheme`=`bearer` AND `bearer_validation_method`=`external-url`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `bearer_validation_method` (String) Bearer validation method
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-method`
  - Choices: `external-url`, `udp`, `none`
  - Required When: `scheme`=`bearer`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `bearer_validation_tls_profile` (String) Specify the TLS client profile to secure the connection to the validation endpoint. You must specify a client profile when you connect to the validation endpoint with the HTTPS protocol.
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-tls-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: (`scheme`!=`bearer` OR `bearer_validation_method`!=`external-url`)
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `scheme` (String) Specify the HTTP authentication security scheme. The only supported value is <tt>bearer</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `http-scheme`
  - Choices: `bearer`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/api_security_http_scheme.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_http_scheme Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage an HTTP bearer authentication security definition with the Bearer authentication security scheme in an API as defined in OpenAPI 3.0. Bearer authentication is an HTTP Authentication scheme and was originally part of RFC 6750: The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage.
  CLI Alias: api-sec-http-scheme
---

# datapower_api_security_http_scheme (Resource)

Configure and manage an HTTP bearer authentication security definition with the Bearer authentication security scheme in an API as defined in OpenAPI 3.0. Bearer authentication is an HTTP Authentication scheme and was originally part of RFC 6750: The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage.
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-http-scheme`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_security_http_scheme" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPISecurityHTTPScheme"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `bearer_format` (String) Specify how the bearer token is formatted. The format is primarily a hint.
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-format`
  - Not Valid When: `scheme`!=`bearer`
- `bearer_validation_endpoint` (String) Specify the URL of the validation endpoint. When this connection uses the HTTPS protocol, specify the TLS client profile to secure the connection.
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-endpoint`
  - Required When: (`scheme`=`bearer` AND `bearer_validation_method`=`external-url`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `bearer_validation_method` (String) Bearer validation method
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-method`
  - Choices: `external-url`, `udp`, `none`
  - Required When: `scheme`=`bearer`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `bearer_validation_tls_profile` (String) Specify the TLS client profile to secure the connection to the validation endpoint. You must specify a client profile when you connect to the validation endpoint with the HTTPS protocol.
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-tls-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: (`scheme`!=`bearer` OR `bearer_validation_method`!=`external-url`)
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `scheme` (String) Specify the HTTP authentication security scheme. The only supported value is <tt>bearer</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `http-scheme`
  - Choices: `bearer`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
