docs/resources/api_security_oauth.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_oauth Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API OAuth security definition defines the applicable settings for an OAuth provider.
  CLI Alias: api-sec-oauth
---

# datapower_api_security_oauth (Resource)

An API OAuth security definition defines the applicable settings for an OAuth provider.
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-oauth`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_security_oauth" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestAPISecurityOAuth"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  oauth_provider = "AccTest_OAuthProviderSettings"
  oauth_flow     = "implicit"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `oauth_adv_scope_tls_profile` (String) OAuth TLS profile
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-advanced-scope-tls-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
- `oauth_adv_scope_url` (String) Specify the URL that overrides the advanced scope URL in the OAuth provider settings. The value must be a properly formatted URL.
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-advanced-scope-url`
- `oauth_flow` (String) Specify the OAuth flow to enforce to protect the target. The value must be among the supported grant types that are defined by the referenced OAuth provider.
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-flow`
  - Choices: `implicit`, `password`, `application`, `accessCode`
  - Default value: `implicit`
- `oauth_provider` (String) OAuth provider
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-provider`
  - Reference to: `datapower_oauth_provider_settings:id`
- `oauth_scope` (String) Specify the scopes that the access token is valid to access. To specify multiple scopes, use a space between each scope. The order of scopes does not matter. <ul><li>The allowed scopes for this configuration must be a subset of the allowed scopes set for the API OAuth security definition.</li><li>The allowed scopes for the API OAuth security definition must be a subset of the allowed scopes set for the OAuth provider settings.</li></ul><p>Scopes ensure that the granted access token is valid to access only specific protected resources.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-scope`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/api_security_oauth.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_security_oauth Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API OAuth security definition defines the applicable settings for an OAuth provider.
  CLI Alias: api-sec-oauth
---

# datapower_api_security_oauth (Resource)

An API OAuth security definition defines the applicable settings for an OAuth provider.
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-oauth`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_security_oauth" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestAPISecurityOAuth"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  oauth_provider = "AccTest_OAuthProviderSettings"
  oauth_flow     = "implicit"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `oauth_adv_scope_tls_profile` (String) OAuth TLS profile
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-advanced-scope-tls-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
- `oauth_adv_scope_url` (String) Specify the URL that overrides the advanced scope URL in the OAuth provider settings. The value must be a properly formatted URL.
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-advanced-scope-url`
- `oauth_flow` (String) Specify the OAuth flow to enforce to protect the target. The value must be among the supported grant types that are defined by the referenced OAuth provider.
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-flow`
  - Choices: `implicit`, `password`, `application`, `accessCode`
  - Default value: `implicit`
- `oauth_provider` (String) OAuth provider
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-provider`
  - Reference to: `datapower_oauth_provider_settings:id`
- `oauth_scope` (String) Specify the scopes that the access token is valid to access. To specify multiple scopes, use a space between each scope. The order of scopes does not matter. <ul><li>The allowed scopes for this configuration must be a subset of the allowed scopes set for the API OAuth security definition.</li><li>The allowed scopes for the API OAuth security definition must be a subset of the allowed scopes set for the OAuth provider settings.</li></ul><p>Scopes ensure that the granted access token is valid to access only specific protected resources.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-scope`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
