---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_operation Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API operation describes the actions to perform against the resource.
  CLI Alias: api-operation
---

# datapower_api_operation (Resource)

An API operation describes the actions to perform against the resource.
  - CLI Alias: `api-operation`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_operation" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPIOperation"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  method     = "GET"
  response_schema = [{
    status_code = "200"
  }]
  parameter = [{
    name     = "apiparameter"
    required = false
    type     = "string"
    where    = "path"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `consume` (List of String) Specify MIME types that the operation can consume. This setting overrides the API-level consume declaration that is defined in the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `consume`
  - Not Valid When: `remove_consume`=`true`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `method` (String) Method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `HEAD`, `PATCH`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`
  - Default value: `GET`
- `operation_id` (String) Operation ID
  - CLI Alias: `operation-id`
- `parameter` (Attributes List) Specify applicable parameters for the API operation. This setting overrides the setting in the API path configuration for the same parameter.
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter))
- `produce` (List of String) Specify MIME types that the operation can produce. This setting overrides the API-level produce declaration that is defined in the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `produce`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `remove_consume` (Boolean) Specify whether to remove the API-level consume declaration. By default, the API-level consume declaration is applied to the operation. When removed, the operation can always be performed regardless of the content type.
  - CLI Alias: `remove-consume`
  - Default value: `false`
- `remove_security` (Boolean) Specify whether to remove the API-level security declaration that is defined for the API. By default, the API-level security declaration is applied to the operation. When removed, the operation can be performed without security check.
  - CLI Alias: `remove-security`
  - Default value: `false`
- `request_schema` (String) Request schema
  - CLI Alias: `request-schema`
  - Reference to: `datapower_api_schema:id`
- `response_schema` (Attributes List) Response schema
  - CLI Alias: `response-schema` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_schema))
- `security` (List of String) Specify the alternative security requirements to enforce for the operation (that is, there is a logical OR between the security requirements). This setting overrides any declared API-level security.
  - CLI Alias: `security`
  - Reference to: `datapower_api_security_requirement:id`
  - Not Valid When: `remove_security`=`true`
- `soap_action` (String) SOAP action
  - CLI Alias: `soap-action`
- `soap_element_name` (String) SOAP element name
  - CLI Alias: `soap-element-name`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specifies a name for your parameter. Parameter names are case sensitive.

Optional:

- `enum` (String) Specifies the allowed values of the parameter. An instance validates successfully against this keyword if its value is equal to one of the elements in this keyword's array value.
- `maximum` (String) Specifies the upper limit of the parameter. A string instance is valid against this keyword if its length is less than, or equal to, the value of this keyword.
- `minimum` (String) Specifies the lower limit of the parameter. A string instance is valid against this keyword if its length is greater than, or equal to, the value of this keyword.
- `pattern` (String) Specifies the pattern of the parameter. This string should be a valid regular expression. A string instance is considered valid if the regular expression matches the instance successfully.
- `required` (Boolean) Controls whether the parameter is required for a call to be valid. By default, a parameter is optional.
  - Default value: `false`
- `schema_or_format` (String) The extending format of the parameter type. If DataPower Gateway does not recognize the specified format, then only the type is used. The following formats are supported. <ul><li>For <tt>number</tt> parameters, <tt>float</tt> and <tt>double</tt> .</li><li>For <tt>integer</tt> parameters, <tt>int32</tt> and <tt>int64</tt> .</li><li>For <tt>string</tt> parameters, <tt>date</tt> , <tt>dateTime</tt> , and <tt>password</tt> .</li></ul>
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of the parameter.
  - Choices: `integer`, `long`, `float`, `double`, `string`, `byte`, `binary`, `boolean`, `date`, `dateTime`, `password`, `array`, `object`, `file`, `number`
  - Default value: `string`
- `where` (String) Specifies the location of the parameter.
  - Choices: `path`, `query`, `body`, `formdata`, `header`
  - Default value: `path`


<a id="nestedatt--response_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_schema`

Required:

- `status_code` (String) <p>Specify the HTTP status code of the response message that the schema describes. The following values are valid.</p><ul><li>Any valid HTTP status code.</li><li>An expression that defines a range of codes that represents a response class.</li><li>The string <tt>default</tt> .</li></ul><p>An exact match of a status code takes precedence over a match within a range. When there is no match, the default schema is used. When a schema is not specified, a request is accepted without schema validation.</p>

Optional:

- `response_schema` (String) Specify the API schema to describe the response message.
  - Reference to: `datapower_api_schema:id`
