---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_api_ldap_registry Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and manage the API LDAP registry.
  CLI Alias: api-ldap-reg
---

# datapower_api_ldap_registry (Resource)

Configure and manage the API LDAP registry.
  - CLI Alias: `api-ldap-reg`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_api_ldap_registry" "test" {
  id                     = "ResTestAPILDAPRegistry"
  app_domain             = "acceptance_test"
  ldap_host              = "localhost"
  ldap_port              = 636
  ldap_search_parameters = "AccTest_LDAPSearchParameters"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `ldap_host` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-host`
- `ldap_search_parameters` (String) LDAP search parameters
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-search-param`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ldap_search_parameters:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `ldap_auth_method` (String) Specify the method to create the user for authentication. <ul><li>When compose DN, the DN can be composed from the username. For example, <tt>uid=john,ou=People,dc=company,dc=com</tt> is a DN format that can be composed from the username.</li><li>When compose UPN, the UPN can be composed from the username. For example, <tt>john@example.com</tt> is a UPN format that can be composed from the username.</li><li>When search DN, the DN cannot be composed from the username. You must use an LDAP search to retrieve information that matches the username.</li></ul><p>By default, queries the LDAP server to retrieve user information. Before deciding on the method, contact your LDAP administrator.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-auth-method`
  - Choices: `composeDN`, `composeUPN`, `searchDN`
  - Default value: `searchDN`
- `ldap_bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-bind-dn`
- `ldap_bind_password_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-bind-password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `ldap_group_auth_enabled` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable LDAP group authentication to use to check group membership for a user. The default value is off.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-auth-enabled`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ldap_group_auth_type` (String) Specify the type of group authentication configuration to use. The default value is static.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-auth-type`
  - Choices: `dynamic`, `static`
- `ldap_group_base_dn` (String) Specify the base DN name to begin the group authentication search. This value identifies the entry level of the tree used by the LDAP group scope.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-base-dn`
- `ldap_group_dynamic_filter` (String) Specify the filter expression of the LDAP dynamic group configuration. Only for dynamic. <p>When the filter is <tt>(memberOf=CN=ibm-group,DC=ibm,DC=com)</tt> , the value is used verbatim for LDAP group dynamic search.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-dynamic-filter`
- `ldap_group_filter_prefix` (String) Specify the prefix of the LDAP group filter expression. An LDAP group filter expression is composed by <tt>prefix + user DN + suffix</tt> . <p>When the prefix is <tt>(&amp;(objectclass=group)(member=</tt> and the user DN is <tt>CN=bob,DN=ibm,DN=com</tt> , the LDAP search filter is <tt>(&amp;(objectclass=group)(member=CN=bob,DN=ibm,DN=com))</tt> .</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-filter-prefix`
- `ldap_group_filter_suffix` (String) Specify the suffix of the LDAP group filter expression. <p>When the prefix is <tt>&amp;(objectclass=group)(member=</tt> , the user DN is <tt>CN=bob,DN=ibm,DN=com</tt> , and the suffix is <tt>)(CN=ibm-group))</tt> , the LDAP search filter is <tt>(&amp;(objectclass=group)(member=CN=bob,DN=ibm,DN=com)(CN=ibm-group))</tt> .</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-filter-suffix`
- `ldap_group_scope` (String) Specify the depth of the LDAP group search. The default value is subtree.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-group-scope`
  - Choices: `subtree`, `one-level`, `base`
  - Default value: `subtree`
- `ldap_port` (Number) Specify the listening port on the LDAP server. The default value is 636.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-port`
  - Default value: `636`
- `ldap_read_timeout` (Number) Specify the time to wait for a response from the LDAP server before the connection is closed. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 60. A value of 0 indicates that the connection never times out.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-readtimeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `60`
- `ldap_version` (String) Specify the LDAP protocol version for bind operation. The default value is v3.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-version`
  - Choices: `v2`, `v3`
  - Default value: `v3`
- `ssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
