---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apiapplicationtype Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API application type for an application to support. An application type provides configurable properties.
  CLI Alias: api-application-type
---

# datapower_apiapplicationtype (Resource)

An API application type for an application to support. An application type provides configurable properties.
  - CLI Alias: `api-application-type`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apiapplicationtype" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPIApplicationType"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `supported_o_auth_types` (Attributes List) Supported OAuth types
  - CLI Alias: `supported-oauth-types` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supported_o_auth_types))
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--supported_o_auth_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supported_o_auth_types`

Optional:

- `client_type` (String) Client type
  - Choices: `confidential`, `public`
  - Default value: `confidential`
- `grant_type` (String) Flow
  - Choices: `implicit`, `password`, `application`, `accessCode`
  - Default value: `implicit`
