---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apioperation Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API operation describes the actions to perform against the resource.
  CLI Alias: api-operation
---

# datapower_apioperation (Resource)

An API operation describes the actions to perform against the resource.
  - CLI Alias: `api-operation`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apioperation" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPIOperation"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  method     = "GET"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `consume` (List of String) Specify MIME types that the operation can consume. This setting overrides the API-level consume declaration that is defined in the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `consume`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `method` (String) Method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `HEAD`, `PATCH`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`
  - Default value: `GET`
- `operation_id` (String) Operation ID
  - CLI Alias: `operation-id`
- `parameter` (Attributes List) Specify applicable parameters for the API operation. This setting overrides the setting in the API path configuration for the same parameter.
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter))
- `produce` (List of String) Specify MIME types that the operation can produce. This setting overrides the API-level produce declaration that is defined in the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `produce`
- `remove_consume` (Boolean) Specify whether to remove the API-level consume declaration. By default, the API-level consume declaration is applied to the operation. When removed, the operation can always be performed regardless of the content type.
  - CLI Alias: `remove-consume`
  - Default value: `false`
- `remove_security` (Boolean) Specify whether to remove the API-level security declaration that is defined for the API. By default, the API-level security declaration is applied to the operation. When removed, the operation can be performed without security check.
  - CLI Alias: `remove-security`
  - Default value: `false`
- `request_schema` (String) Request schema
  - CLI Alias: `request-schema`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apischema:id`
- `response_schema` (Attributes List) Response schema
  - CLI Alias: `response-schema` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_schema))
- `security` (List of String) Specify the alternative security requirements to enforce for the operation (that is, there is a logical OR between the security requirements). This setting overrides any declared API-level security.
  - CLI Alias: `security`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apisecurityrequirement:id`
- `soap_action` (String) SOAP action
  - CLI Alias: `soap-action`
- `soap_element_name` (String) SOAP element name
  - CLI Alias: `soap-element-name`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name

Optional:

- `enum` (String) Enum
- `maximum` (String) Maximum
- `minimum` (String) Minimum
- `pattern` (String) Pattern
- `required` (Boolean) Required
  - Default value: `false`
- `schema_or_format` (String) Format
- `type` (String) Type
  - Choices: `integer`, `long`, `float`, `double`, `string`, `byte`, `binary`, `boolean`, `date`, `dateTime`, `password`, `array`, `object`, `file`, `number`
  - Default value: `string`
- `where` (String) Where
  - Choices: `path`, `query`, `body`, `formdata`, `header`
  - Default value: `path`


<a id="nestedatt--response_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_schema`

Required:

- `status_code` (String) Status code

Optional:

- `response_schema` (String) Schema
  - Reference to: `datapower_apischema:id`
