docs/resources/apipath.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apipath Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API path
  CLI Alias: api-path
---

# datapower_apipath (Resource)

API path
  - CLI Alias: `api-path`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apipath" "test" {
  id         = "APIPath_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  path       = "/"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `operation` (List of String) Operation
  - CLI Alias: `operation`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apioperation:id`
- `parameter` (Attributes List) Parameters
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter))
- `path` (String) Path
  - CLI Alias: `path`
  - Default value: `/`
- `request_schema` (String) Request schema
  - CLI Alias: `request-schema`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apischema:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name

Optional:

- `enum` (String) Enum
- `maximum` (String) Maximum
- `minimum` (String) Minimum
- `pattern` (String) Pattern
- `required` (Boolean) Required
  - Default value: `false`
- `schema_or_format` (String) Format
- `type` (String) Type
  - Choices: `integer`, `long`, `float`, `double`, `string`, `byte`, `binary`, `boolean`, `date`, `dateTime`, `password`, `array`, `object`, `file`, `number`
  - Default value: `string`
- `where` (String) Where
  - Choices: `path`, `query`, `body`, `formdata`, `header`
  - Default value: `path`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/apipath.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apipath Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API path
  CLI Alias: api-path
---

# datapower_apipath (Resource)

API path
  - CLI Alias: `api-path`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apipath" "test" {
  id         = "APIPath_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  path       = "/"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `operation` (List of String) Operation
  - CLI Alias: `operation`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apioperation:id`
- `parameter` (Attributes List) Parameters
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter))
- `path` (String) Path
  - CLI Alias: `path`
  - Default value: `/`
- `request_schema` (String) Request schema
  - CLI Alias: `request-schema`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apischema:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name

Optional:

- `enum` (String) Enum
- `maximum` (String) Maximum
- `minimum` (String) Minimum
- `pattern` (String) Pattern
- `required` (Boolean) Required
  - Default value: `false`
- `schema_or_format` (String) Format
- `type` (String) Type
  - Choices: `integer`, `long`, `float`, `double`, `string`, `byte`, `binary`, `boolean`, `date`, `dateTime`, `password`, `array`, `object`, `file`, `number`
  - Default value: `string`
- `where` (String) Where
  - Choices: `path`, `query`, `body`, `formdata`, `header`
  - Default value: `path`
