---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apipath Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An API Path configuration describes the operations that are available on a single path.
  CLI Alias: api-path
---

# datapower_apipath (Resource)

An API Path configuration describes the operations that are available on a single path.
  - CLI Alias: `api-path`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apipath" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAPIPath"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  path       = "/"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `operation` (List of String) Specify the available operations for the path. Without a defined operation, all operations are accepted.
  - CLI Alias: `operation`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apioperation:id`
- `parameter` (Attributes List) Specify the applicable parameters for all operations. The setting can be overridden for the same parameter by the setting in the API operation configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter))
- `path` (String) Specify the relative path to access the REST APIs. The path is appended to the base path to construct the full URI. The path must start with a / character. When the path contains a parameter, ensure that you define the path parameter at either or both the path and operation levels. <ul><li>A parameter at the end of the path can contain a + qualifier to match one or more levels as in the following example. <p><tt>/petstore/{type}/{+category}</tt></p><p>The <tt>{type}</tt> parameter matches one path level. The <tt>{+category}</tt> parameter matches multiple levels. The following paths match this path template.</p><ul><li><tt>/petstore/cats/supplies</tt></li><li><tt>/petstore/cats/supplies/health</tt></li><li><tt>/petstore/cats/supplies/health/medicines</tt></li></ul></li><li>A parameter at the end of the path can contain a * qualifier to match zero or more levels as in the following example. <p><tt>/petstore/{type}/{*category}</tt></p><p>The <tt>{type}</tt> parameter matches one path level. The <tt>{*category}</tt> parameter matches multiple levels. The following paths match this path template.</p><ul><li><tt>/petstore/cats/</tt></li><li><tt>/petstore/cats/supplies</tt></li><li><tt>/petstore/cats/supplies/health</tt></li><li><tt>/petstore/cats/supplies/health/medicines</tt></li></ul></li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `path`
  - Default value: `/`
- `request_schema` (String) Request schema
  - CLI Alias: `request-schema`
  - Reference to: `datapower_apischema:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specifies a name for your parameter. Parameter names are case sensitive.

Optional:

- `enum` (String) Specifies the allowed values of the parameter. An instance validates successfully against this keyword if its value is equal to one of the elements in this keyword's array value.
- `maximum` (String) Specifies the upper limit of the parameter. A string instance is valid against this keyword if its length is less than, or equal to, the value of this keyword.
- `minimum` (String) Specifies the lower limit of the parameter. A string instance is valid against this keyword if its length is greater than, or equal to, the value of this keyword.
- `pattern` (String) Specifies the pattern of the parameter. This string should be a valid regular expression. A string instance is considered valid if the regular expression matches the instance successfully.
- `required` (Boolean) Controls whether the parameter is required for a call to be valid. By default, a parameter is optional.
  - Default value: `false`
- `schema_or_format` (String) The extending format of the parameter type. If DataPower Gateway does not recognize the specified format, then only the type is used. The following formats are supported. <ul><li>For <tt>number</tt> parameters, <tt>float</tt> and <tt>double</tt> .</li><li>For <tt>integer</tt> parameters, <tt>int32</tt> and <tt>int64</tt> .</li><li>For <tt>string</tt> parameters, <tt>date</tt> , <tt>dateTime</tt> , and <tt>password</tt> .</li></ul>
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of the parameter.
  - Choices: `integer`, `long`, `float`, `double`, `string`, `byte`, `binary`, `boolean`, `date`, `dateTime`, `password`, `array`, `object`, `file`, `number`
  - Default value: `string`
- `where` (String) Specifies the location of the parameter.
  - Choices: `path`, `query`, `body`, `formdata`, `header`
  - Default value: `path`
