docs/resources/apisecurityhttpscheme.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apisecurityhttpscheme Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API security HTTP scheme
  CLI Alias: api-sec-http-scheme
---

# datapower_apisecurityhttpscheme (Resource)

API security HTTP scheme
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-http-scheme`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apisecurityhttpscheme" "test" {
  id         = "APISecurityHTTPScheme_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `bearer_format` (String) Bearer format
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-format`
- `bearer_validation_endpoint` (String) Bearer validation endpoint
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-endpoint`
- `bearer_validation_method` (String) Bearer validation method
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-method`
  - Choices: `external-url`, `udp`, `none`
- `bearer_validation_tls_profile` (String) Bearer validation TLS profile
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-tls-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `scheme` (String) Scheme
  - CLI Alias: `http-scheme`
  - Choices: `bearer`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/apisecurityhttpscheme.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apisecurityhttpscheme Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API security HTTP scheme
  CLI Alias: api-sec-http-scheme
---

# datapower_apisecurityhttpscheme (Resource)

API security HTTP scheme
  - CLI Alias: `api-sec-http-scheme`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apisecurityhttpscheme" "test" {
  id         = "APISecurityHTTPScheme_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `bearer_format` (String) Bearer format
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-format`
- `bearer_validation_endpoint` (String) Bearer validation endpoint
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-endpoint`
- `bearer_validation_method` (String) Bearer validation method
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-method`
  - Choices: `external-url`, `udp`, `none`
- `bearer_validation_tls_profile` (String) Bearer validation TLS profile
  - CLI Alias: `bearer-validation-tls-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `scheme` (String) Scheme
  - CLI Alias: `http-scheme`
  - Choices: `bearer`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
