docs/resources/apischema.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apischema Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API schema
  CLI Alias: api-schema
---

# datapower_apischema (Resource)

API schema
  - CLI Alias: `api-schema`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apischema" "test" {
  id         = "APISchema_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `graph_ql_schema` (String) GraphQL schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `graphql-schema`
- `json_schema` (String) JSON schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `json-schema`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `wsdl_attachment_part` (String) WSDL attachment part
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-attachment-part`
- `wsdl_message_direction_or_name` (String) WSDL direction or name
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-message-direction-or-name`
- `wsdl_operation_name` (String) WSDL operation
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-operation`
- `wsdl_port_q_name` (String) WSDL port
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-port`
- `wsdl_schema_url` (String) WSDL schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-schema-url`
- `xml_schema_url` (String) XML schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `xml-schema-url`
- `xml_type` (String) XML type
  - CLI Alias: `xml-type`
  - Choices: `xml`, `wsdl`
- `xml_validation_mode` (String) XML validation mode
  - CLI Alias: `xml-validation-mode`
  - Choices: `xsd`, `soap-body`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/apischema.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_apischema Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API schema
  CLI Alias: api-schema
---

# datapower_apischema (Resource)

API schema
  - CLI Alias: `api-schema`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_apischema" "test" {
  id         = "APISchema_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `graph_ql_schema` (String) GraphQL schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `graphql-schema`
- `json_schema` (String) JSON schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `json-schema`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `wsdl_attachment_part` (String) WSDL attachment part
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-attachment-part`
- `wsdl_message_direction_or_name` (String) WSDL direction or name
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-message-direction-or-name`
- `wsdl_operation_name` (String) WSDL operation
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-operation`
- `wsdl_port_q_name` (String) WSDL port
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-port`
- `wsdl_schema_url` (String) WSDL schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-schema-url`
- `xml_schema_url` (String) XML schema URL
  - CLI Alias: `xml-schema-url`
- `xml_type` (String) XML type
  - CLI Alias: `xml-type`
  - Choices: `xml`, `wsdl`
- `xml_validation_mode` (String) XML validation mode
  - CLI Alias: `xml-validation-mode`
  - Choices: `xsd`, `soap-body`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
