---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_app_security_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An Application Security Policy establishes the rules to use to enforce security for a Web Application Firewall service. This policy employs request maps, response maps, and error maps that provide a detailed security configuration. Each of these maps, in turn, matches to a Web Request Profile, Web Request Profile, or Error Policy, as the case might be.
  CLI Alias: application-security-policy
---

# datapower_app_security_policy (Resource)

An Application Security Policy establishes the rules to use to enforce security for a Web Application Firewall service. This policy employs request maps, response maps, and error maps that provide a detailed security configuration. Each of these maps, in turn, matches to a Web Request Profile, Web Request Profile, or Error Policy, as the case might be.
  - CLI Alias: `application-security-policy`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_app_security_policy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAppSecurityPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  request_maps = [{
    match = "__default-accept-service-providers__"
    rule  = "AccTest_WebAppRequest"
  }]
  response_maps = [{
    match = "__default-accept-service-providers__"
    rule  = "AccTest_WebAppResponse"
  }]
  error_maps = [{
    match = "__default-accept-service-providers__"
    rule  = "__dp-policy-begin__"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `request_maps` (Attributes List) A list of Web Request Profile objects and their matching criteria. If the client request meets the matching criteria, its Web Request Profile runs.
  - CLI Alias: `request-match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_maps))
- `response_maps` (Attributes List) A list of Web Response Profile objects and their matching criteria. If the server response meets the matching criteria, its Web Response Profile runs.
  - CLI Alias: `response-match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_maps))

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_maps` (Attributes List) A list of Error Policy objects (Processing Rules) and their matching criteria. If an error meets the matching criteria, its Error Policy runs.
  - CLI Alias: `error-match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--error_maps))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--request_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_maps`

Required:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select the Web Request Profile to run.
  - Reference to: `datapower_web_app_request:id`


<a id="nestedatt--response_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_maps`

Required:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select the Web Response Profile to run.
  - Reference to: `datapower_web_app_response:id`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--error_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_maps`

Required:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select the Processing Rule to run.
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
