---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_map Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The map assembly action applies data transformations to the assembly flow according to a specified map file. The map file is automatically created from the map policy specification in the OpenAPI document. The API gateway can process only JSON formatted map files and prepares a valid map file as follows.Update the map file by complying with the map file structure.For a YAML file, convert it to JSON.Import the JSON file to the DataPower local: or temporary: directory or to one of their subdirectories.
  CLI Alias: assembly-map
---

# datapower_assembly_action_map (Resource)

The map assembly action applies data transformations to the assembly flow according to a specified map file. <p>The map file is automatically created from the map policy specification in the OpenAPI document. The API gateway can process only JSON formatted map files and prepares a valid map file as follows.</p><ol><li>Update the map file by complying with the map file structure.</li><li>For a YAML file, convert it to JSON.</li><li>Import the JSON file to the DataPower <tt>local:</tt> or <tt>temporary:</tt> directory or to one of their subdirectories.</li></ol>
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-map`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_action_map" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyActionMap"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  location   = "local:///file"
  parse_settings_reference = {
    url = "some_url"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `location` (String) Specify the location of the map file. The file must be in the DataPower <tt>local:</tt> or <tt>temporary:</tt> directory or to one of their subdirectories.
  - CLI Alias: `location`

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `parse_settings_reference` (Attributes) Specify the configuration that defines constraints on documents to parse. You can use one or more of the following methods to specify a configuration. Precedence rules apply when you configure the same aspect of the input document through multiple methods. If you do not specify, the configuration of the default object reference is applied.
  - CLI Alias: `parse-settings-reference` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parse_settings_reference))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--parse_settings_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parse_settings_reference`

Optional:

- `default` (String) Specifies an existing object from which to retrieve default property values for the dynamic object. If an object is not specified, then the URL reference, the literal configuration, or the combination of URL reference and literal configuration fully define the action.
  - CLI Alias: `default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_parse_settings:id`
- `literal` (String) Specifies a literal string that defines serialized XML or JSON properties for merging into the dynamic object. These properties override the existing default properties. The literal string can contain variable references.
  - CLI Alias: `literal`
- `url` (String) Specifies a URL to a file that contains serialized XML or JSON properties to be merged into the dynamic object. These properties override any existing literal or default properties. The URL can contain variable references, and fields within the associated file can also contain variable references.
  - CLI Alias: `url`
