---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_jwt_validate Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_assembly_action_jwt_validate (Resource)

<p>The JWT validate assembly action specifies credentials and methods to validate a JWT in the request. The following guidelines apply. <ul><li>All claims that are specified in the JWT validate assembly action are validated. If any specified claim fails, the JWT validation fails.</li><li>You can use a crypto object or a JWK to decrypt or verify the JWT. When both are specified, the crypto object is used.</li><li>If the original message is signed with a shared secret key, the crypto object that is specified must also be a shared secret key.</li><li>If the original message is signed with a private key, the crypto object that is specified must be a crypto certificate (public certificate).</li><li>If a JWK header parameter is included in the header of the JWT, the parameter must match the crypto object or JWK that is specified in the action. Otherwise, validation fails.</li></ul></p>
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-jwt-validate`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_action_jwt_validate" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestAssemblyActionJWTValidate"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  jwt           = "request.headers.authorization"
  output_claims = "decoded.claims"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `audience_claim` (String) Specify the PCRE to validate the audience claim. When specified, the "aud" claim in the JWT is validated. If this claim fails, the validation fails. The maximum value length is 256 characters.
  - CLI Alias: `aud-claim`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `decrypt_crypto` (String) Crypto object for JWT decryption
  - CLI Alias: `jwe-crypto`
- `decrypt_jwk` (String) JWK for JWT decryption
  - CLI Alias: `jwe-jwk`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `issuer_claim` (String) Specify the PCRE to validate the issuer claim. When specified, the "iss" claim in the JWT is validated. If this claim fails, validation fails. The maximum value length is 256 characters.
  - CLI Alias: `iss-claim`
- `jwt` (String) Specify the context variable that contains the JSON Web Token (JWT) to validate. The default value is <tt>request.headers.authorization</tt> . The format of the authorization header must be <tt>Authorization: Bearer jwt-token</tt> , where <tt>jwt-token</tt> indicates the encoded JWT.
  - CLI Alias: `jwt`
  - Default value: `request.headers.authorization`
- `output_claims` (String) Specify a context variable to store all claims that the JWT contains when the validation of the JWT succeeds. The default value is <tt>decoded.claims</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `output-claims`
  - Default value: `decoded.claims`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `verify_crypto` (String) Crypto object for JWT verification
  - CLI Alias: `jws-crypto`
- `verify_jwk` (String) JWK for JWT verification
  - CLI Alias: `jws-jwk`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
