---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_client_security Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Client security assembly action
  CLI Alias: assembly-client-security
---

# datapower_assembly_action_client_security (Resource)

Client security assembly action
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-client-security`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_action_client_security" "test" {
  id                         = "ResTestAssemblyActionClientSecurity"
  app_domain                 = "acceptance_test"
  id_name                    = "idname"
  secret_name                = "secretname"
  authenticate_client_method = "native"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `authenticate_client_method` (String) Specify the method to authenticate the extracted client credentials. When third-party, specify the user-registry to authenticate the extracted client credentials.
  - CLI Alias: `client-auth-method`
  - Choices: `native`, `third-party`
  - Default value: `native`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `extract_credential_method` (String) <p>Specify the method to extract client credentials from the request.</p><ul><li>For all methods except HTTP, use the ID name and the secret name to specify the locations that contains the ID and the location that contain the secret. <ul><li>When cookie, specify which cookie.</li><li>When context variable, specify which runtime context variable.</li><li>When form data, specify the form data.</li><li>When header, specify which header.</li><li>When query parameter, specify which query parameter.</li></ul></li><li>For the HTTP method, use the HTTP type to specify the format of the <tt>Authorization</tt> header, which expects the basic form in the <tt>Basic <i>base64_id:secret</i></tt> format.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `extract-credential-method`
  - Choices: `header`, `query`, `form`, `cookie`, `http`, `context-var`
  - Default value: `header`
- `http_type` (String) HTTP type
  - CLI Alias: `http-type`
  - Choices: `basic`
  - Default value: `basic`
  - Required When: `extract_credential_method`=`http`
- `id_name` (String) <p>Specify the location where to find the client ID to extract.</p><ul><li>When cookie, specify which cookie.</li><li>When context variable, specify which runtime context variable.</li><li>When form data, specify the form data.</li><li>When header, specify which header.</li><li>When query parameter, specify which query parameter.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `id-name`
  - Required When: `extract_credential_method`=`header`|`cookie`|`query`|`form`|`context-var`
- `secret_name` (String) <p>Specify the location where to find the secret to extract.</p><ul><li>When cookie, specify which cookie.</li><li>When context variable, specify which runtime context variable.</li><li>When form data, specify the form data.</li><li>When header, specify which header.</li><li>When query parameter, specify which query parameter.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `secret-name`
  - Required When: (`secret_required`=`true` AND `extract_credential_method`=`header`|`cookie`|`query`|`form`|`context-var`)
- `secret_required` (Boolean) Specify whether to require the client secret. When required, the secret is compared to the registered secret on the application that is identified by the client ID.
  - CLI Alias: `secret-required`
  - Default value: `true`
- `stop_on_error` (Boolean) Specify whether to stop processing if client security fails. If failed, stops the assembly and return an error.
  - CLI Alias: `stop-on-error`
  - Default value: `true`
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_registry` (String) Specify the API registry to authenticate the extracted client credentials. The supported registries are API authentication URL and API LDAP.
  - CLI Alias: `user-registry`
  - Required When: `authenticate_client_method`=`third-party`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
