docs/resources/assembly_action_set_var.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_set_var Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The set variable assembly action sets, adds, or deletes a variable in the API context in your assembly.
  CLI Alias: assembly-setvar
---

# datapower_assembly_action_set_var (Resource)

The set variable assembly action sets, adds, or deletes a variable in the API context in your assembly.
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-setvar`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_action_set_var" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyActionSetVar"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  variable = [{
    name  = "varname"
    value = "value"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `variable` (Attributes List) Variables
  - CLI Alias: `variable` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variable))

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variable`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specify the name of the variable. <p>You can reference a custom API property that resolves as the value. To reference an API property, use the <tt>$(api.properties. <i>property_name</i> )</tt> format, where <tt><i>property_name</i></tt> is the name of the property to reference. You can use the short form <tt>$(property_name)</tt> when the assembly action does not have a property with the same name.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Specify the action to manage the variable.
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `set`, `add`, `clear`
  - Default value: `set`
- `type` (String) Specify the data type of the variable. You must define this property to set or add a variable.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `any`, `string`, `number`, `boolean`
  - Default value: `any`
  - Not Valid When: `action`=`clear`
- `value` (String) Specify the value of the variable. You must define this property to set or add a variable. <p>You can reference a custom API property that resolves as the value. To reference an API property, use the <tt>$(api.properties. <i>property_name</i> )</tt> format, where <tt><i>property_name</i></tt> is the name of the property to reference. You can use the short form <tt>$(property_name)</tt> when the assembly action does not have a property with the same name.</p><p>When you assign value, comply with the following rules. Otherwise, error occurs and the action fails.</p><ul><li>The value must match the specified data type: number, string, or Boolean.</li><li>The value for the <tt>message.status.code</tt> variable must be a valid HTTP status code.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Required When: `action`!=`clear`
  - Not Valid When: `action`=`clear`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/assembly_action_set_var.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_action_set_var Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The set variable assembly action sets, adds, or deletes a variable in the API context in your assembly.
  CLI Alias: assembly-setvar
---

# datapower_assembly_action_set_var (Resource)

The set variable assembly action sets, adds, or deletes a variable in the API context in your assembly.
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-setvar`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_action_set_var" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyActionSetVar"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  variable = [{
    name  = "varname"
    value = "value"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `variable` (Attributes List) Variables
  - CLI Alias: `variable` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variable))

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variable`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specify the name of the variable. <p>You can reference a custom API property that resolves as the value. To reference an API property, use the <tt>$(api.properties. <i>property_name</i> )</tt> format, where <tt><i>property_name</i></tt> is the name of the property to reference. You can use the short form <tt>$(property_name)</tt> when the assembly action does not have a property with the same name.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Specify the action to manage the variable.
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `set`, `add`, `clear`
  - Default value: `set`
- `type` (String) Specify the data type of the variable. You must define this property to set or add a variable.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `any`, `string`, `number`, `boolean`
  - Default value: `any`
  - Not Valid When: `action`=`clear`
- `value` (String) Specify the value of the variable. You must define this property to set or add a variable. <p>You can reference a custom API property that resolves as the value. To reference an API property, use the <tt>$(api.properties. <i>property_name</i> )</tt> format, where <tt><i>property_name</i></tt> is the name of the property to reference. You can use the short form <tt>$(property_name)</tt> when the assembly action does not have a property with the same name.</p><p>When you assign value, comply with the following rules. Otherwise, error occurs and the action fails.</p><ul><li>The value must match the specified data type: number, string, or Boolean.</li><li>The value for the <tt>message.status.code</tt> variable must be a valid HTTP status code.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Required When: `action`!=`clear`
  - Not Valid When: `action`=`clear`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
