docs/resources/assembly_function.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_function Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An assembly function augments the assembly actions that the API gateway uses during processing. You can implement an assembly function in one of the following ways. Define an assembly function to add custom logic to an assembly. After you define the assembly function, you can add it to a function call assembly action.When you configure the API Connect gateway service as not V5 compatible, use an assembly function to specify a user-defined policy (UDP) that API Connect advertises and makes available in the API Connect assembly editor. A UDP provides custom processing control of APIs in the gateway server.
  CLI Alias: assembly-function
---

# datapower_assembly_function (Resource)

An assembly function augments the assembly actions that the API gateway uses during processing. You can implement an assembly function in one of the following ways. <ul><li>Define an assembly function to add custom logic to an assembly. After you define the assembly function, you can add it to a function call assembly action.</li><li>When you configure the API Connect gateway service as not V5 compatible, use an assembly function to specify a user-defined policy (UDP) that API Connect advertises and makes available in the API Connect assembly editor. A UDP provides custom processing control of APIs in the gateway server.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-function`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_function" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyFunction"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  parameter = [{
    name = "assemblyfunctionparametername"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `assembly` (String) Specify the assembly to apply to calls to the assembly function. An assembly comprises a rule that defines the actions to run against the call and how to handle errors during processing.
  - CLI Alias: `assembly`
  - Reference to: `datapower_assembly:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `description` (String) Specify the description of the assembly function to advertise to API developers. When not provided, the DataPower Gateway provides the description to advertise to API Connect.
  - CLI Alias: `description`
- `parameter` (Attributes List) Parameters
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter))
- `scope` (String) Scope
  - CLI Alias: `scope`
  - Choices: `all`, `api`, `catalog`
- `title` (String) Specify the title of the assembly function to advertise to API developers. When not provided, the DataPower Gateway provides the title to advertise to API Connect.
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specify the name of the parameter.
  - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Specify a description of the parameter to advertise the parameter to API developers.
  - CLI Alias: `description`
- `label` (String) Specify the label to explain the parameter to API developers.
  - CLI Alias: `label`
- `required` (Boolean) Specify whether this parameter requires a value in an assembly function call.
  - CLI Alias: `required`
  - Default value: `true`
  - Not Valid When: `value`!=``
- `schema` (String) Specify the API schema to verify the parameter type.
  - CLI Alias: `schema`
  - Reference to: `datapower_api_schema:id`
- `value` (String) Specify the default parameter value to pass to the assembly function as a string. The default value is used when no value is passed in the request. The default parameter value is required if the assembly function is called in an assembly function call action and no parameter value is defined in the action. <ul><li>If the default value is a JSON payload, enter the value as a JSON string.</li><li>If the default value is an empty string, it is treated as not specified.</li><li>If the assembly function parameter specifies an API schema, the default parameter value overrides the default value defined in the schema.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `value`
- `value_type` (String) Specify the type of the parameter value.
  - CLI Alias: `value-type`
  - Choices: `string`, `payload`, `message`
  - Default value: `string`

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/assembly_function.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_function Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An assembly function augments the assembly actions that the API gateway uses during processing. You can implement an assembly function in one of the following ways. Define an assembly function to add custom logic to an assembly. After you define the assembly function, you can add it to a function call assembly action.When you configure the API Connect gateway service as not V5 compatible, use an assembly function to specify a user-defined policy (UDP) that API Connect advertises and makes available in the API Connect assembly editor. A UDP provides custom processing control of APIs in the gateway server.
  CLI Alias: assembly-function
---

# datapower_assembly_function (Resource)

An assembly function augments the assembly actions that the API gateway uses during processing. You can implement an assembly function in one of the following ways. <ul><li>Define an assembly function to add custom logic to an assembly. After you define the assembly function, you can add it to a function call assembly action.</li><li>When you configure the API Connect gateway service as not V5 compatible, use an assembly function to specify a user-defined policy (UDP) that API Connect advertises and makes available in the API Connect assembly editor. A UDP provides custom processing control of APIs in the gateway server.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-function`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_function" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyFunction"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  parameter = [{
    name = "assemblyfunctionparametername"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `assembly` (String) Specify the assembly to apply to calls to the assembly function. An assembly comprises a rule that defines the actions to run against the call and how to handle errors during processing.
  - CLI Alias: `assembly`
  - Reference to: `datapower_assembly:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `description` (String) Specify the description of the assembly function to advertise to API developers. When not provided, the DataPower Gateway provides the description to advertise to API Connect.
  - CLI Alias: `description`
- `parameter` (Attributes List) Parameters
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `scope` (String) Scope
  - CLI Alias: `scope`
  - Choices: `all`, `api`, `catalog`
- `title` (String) Specify the title of the assembly function to advertise to API developers. When not provided, the DataPower Gateway provides the title to advertise to API Connect.
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specify the name of the parameter.
  - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Specify a description of the parameter to advertise the parameter to API developers.
  - CLI Alias: `description`
- `label` (String) Specify the label to explain the parameter to API developers.
  - CLI Alias: `label`
- `required` (Boolean) Specify whether this parameter requires a value in an assembly function call.
  - CLI Alias: `required`
  - Default value: `true`
  - Not Valid When: `value`!=``
- `schema` (String) Specify the API schema to verify the parameter type.
  - CLI Alias: `schema`
  - Reference to: `datapower_api_schema:id`
- `value` (String) Specify the default parameter value to pass to the assembly function as a string. The default value is used when no value is passed in the request. The default parameter value is required if the assembly function is called in an assembly function call action and no parameter value is defined in the action. <ul><li>If the default value is a JSON payload, enter the value as a JSON string.</li><li>If the default value is an empty string, it is treated as not specified.</li><li>If the assembly function parameter specifies an API schema, the default parameter value overrides the default value defined in the schema.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `value`
- `value_type` (String) Specify the type of the parameter value.
  - CLI Alias: `value-type`
  - Choices: `string`, `payload`, `message`
  - Default value: `string`
