---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assemblyactionredact Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The redact assembly action redacts or removes data from fields in the request body, in the response body, or in the activity logs. This action is useful to remove or block out sensitive data for legal, security, or other reasons. The input to this action must be parsed data. One way to produce parsed data is to add a parse assembly action before the redact assembly action in your assembly.
  CLI Alias: assembly-redact
---

# datapower_assemblyactionredact (Resource)

The redact assembly action redacts or removes data from fields in the request body, in the response body, or in the activity logs. <p>This action is useful to remove or block out sensitive data for legal, security, or other reasons. The input to this action must be parsed data. One way to produce parsed data is to add a parse assembly action before the redact assembly action in your assembly.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-redact`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assemblyactionredact" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyActionRedact"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  redact = [{
    path = "path"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `redact` (Attributes List) Specify how to handle sensitive data by path expression and action. When the action is redact, content is obfuscated with asterisks. If the redacted content is numeric data, the type is changed to <tt>string</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `redact-action` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redact))

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `root` (String) Specify the root of the content to redact or remove. For example <tt>message.body</tt> . When not specified, the action applies to the entire API context.
  - CLI Alias: `root`
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--redact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redact`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path
  - CLI Alias: `path`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `redact`, `remove`
  - Default value: `redact`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
