docs/resources/assembly_logic_switch.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_logic_switch Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The switch assembly action evaluates a list of conditions and runs the API rule that is associated with the first condition that matches the API context.
  CLI Alias: assembly-switch
---

# datapower_assembly_logic_switch (Resource)

The switch assembly action evaluates a list of conditions and runs the API rule that is associated with the first condition that matches the API context.
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-switch`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_logic_switch" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyLogicSwitch"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  case = [{
    condition = "condition"
    execute   = "default-api-rule"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `case` (Attributes List) Specify the condition to evaluate and the API rule to run when the condition matches. Conditions are evaluated in order. The API rule of the first condition that evaluates to true is run. If an error occurs during the processing, the transaction fails.
  - CLI Alias: `case` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--case))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `otherwise` (String) Otherwise
  - CLI Alias: `otherwise`
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--case"></a>
### Nested Schema for `case`

Required:

- `condition` (String) Specify the JSONata expression to match against the input.
- `execute` (String) Specify the name of the API rule to run when the JSONata expression evaluates to true. The specified API rule can define further switch assembly actions.


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/assembly_logic_switch.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_assembly_logic_switch Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The switch assembly action evaluates a list of conditions and runs the API rule that is associated with the first condition that matches the API context.
  CLI Alias: assembly-switch
---

# datapower_assembly_logic_switch (Resource)

The switch assembly action evaluates a list of conditions and runs the API rule that is associated with the first condition that matches the API context.
  - CLI Alias: `assembly-switch`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_assembly_logic_switch" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestAssemblyLogicSwitch"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  case = [{
    condition = "condition"
    execute   = "default-api-rule"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `case` (Attributes List) Specify the condition to evaluate and the API rule to run when the condition matches. Conditions are evaluated in order. The API rule of the first condition that evaluates to true is run. If an error occurs during the processing, the transaction fails.
  - CLI Alias: `case` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--case))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `action_debug` (Boolean) <p>Specify whether to enable the GatewayScript debugger to troubleshoot the following GatewayScript files or script.</p><ul><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from the GatewayScript assembly action.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript file that is called from an XSLT assembly action that uses the <tt>gatewayscript()</tt> extension function.</li><li>Troubleshoot a GatewayScript script that is called through the <tt>value</tt> or <tt>default</tt> property in the JSON file from the map assembly action.</li></ul><p>To debug a file or script, the following conditions must be met.</p><ul><li>The file contains one or more <tt>debugger;</tt> statements at the points in your script where you want to start debugging.</li><li>The GatewayScript debugger is enabled.</li></ul><p>You run the <tt>debug-action</tt> command.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `correlation_path` (String) Specify the path that correlates the API action to a specific part of the API specification. The correlation path specifies the part of the API definition that correlates with the API action. This path is exposed in the debug data by the API gateway for use by debugging tools. For example, for an API configuration that is retrieved from API Connect and specified in an OpenAPI document with IBM extensions, this path is the JSON path to the assembly policy in the IBM extensions section of the document. The path can be expressed in any form that the debugging tool can correlate to the API definition.
  - CLI Alias: `correlation-path`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `otherwise` (String) Otherwise
  - CLI Alias: `otherwise`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `title` (String) Title
  - CLI Alias: `title`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--case"></a>
### Nested Schema for `case`

Required:

- `condition` (String) Specify the JSONata expression to match against the input.
- `execute` (String) Specify the name of the API rule to run when the JSONata expression evaluates to true. The specified API rule can define further switch assembly actions.


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
