docs/resources/auditlog.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_auditlog Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Audit log settings (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: audit-log-settings
---

# datapower_auditlog (Resource)

Audit log settings (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `audit-log-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_auditlog" "test" {
  audit_level = "full"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `audit_level` (String) Audit level
  - CLI Alias: `audit-level`
  - Choices: `standard`, `full`
  - Default value: `standard`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `rotate` (Number) Number of rotations
  - CLI Alias: `rotate`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `3`
- `size` (Number) Log size
  - CLI Alias: `size`
  - Range: `250`-`500000`
  - Default value: `1000`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/auditlog.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_auditlog Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Audit log settings (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: audit-log-settings
---

# datapower_auditlog (Resource)

Audit log settings (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `audit-log-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_auditlog" "test" {
  audit_level = "full"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `audit_level` (String) Audit level
  - CLI Alias: `audit-level`
  - Choices: `standard`, `full`
  - Default value: `standard`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `rotate` (Number) Number of rotations
  - CLI Alias: `rotate`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `3`
- `size` (Number) Log size
  - CLI Alias: `size`
  - Range: `250`-`500000`
  - Default value: `1000`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
