---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2b_cpa_receiver_setting Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CPA receiver setting
  CLI Alias: cpa-receiver-setting
---

# datapower_b2b_cpa_receiver_setting (Resource)

CPA receiver setting
  - CLI Alias: `cpa-receiver-setting`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_b2b_cpa_receiver_setting" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestB2BCPAReceiverSetting"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `ack_requested` (String) Expect acknowledgment requests
  - CLI Alias: `ack-requested`
  - Choices: `never`, `always`, `perMessage`
  - Default value: `perMessage`
- `ack_signature_requested` (String) Expect signed acknowledgment requests
  - CLI Alias: `ack-signature-requested`
  - Choices: `never`, `always`, `perMessage`
  - Default value: `perMessage`
- `allow_duplicate_message` (String) Allow duplicate messages
  - CLI Alias: `allow-dup-msg`
  - Choices: `never`, `always`, `on-error`
  - Default value: `never`
- `decrypt_id_cred` (String) Decryption identification credentials
  - CLI Alias: `decrypt-idcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_ident_cred:id`
- `default_signer_cert` (String) Specify the default certificate to verify the signature. This certificate is used when either the <tt>keyInfo</tt> element is missing or the signature method is not supported.
  - CLI Alias: `default-signer-cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_certificate:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `encryption_required` (Boolean) Require encryption
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt-required`
  - Default value: `false`
- `local_endpoint_uri` (String) Local URI
  - CLI Alias: `local-uri`
- `persist_duration` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to retain messages in persistent storage. This value is used to compute the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> value. Until the value of the <tt>TimeToLive</tt> element elapses, the message cannot be archived.
  - CLI Alias: `persist-duration`
  - Range: `0`-`6000000`
- `signature_required` (Boolean) Require signature
  - CLI Alias: `sign-required`
  - Default value: `false`
- `sync_reply_mode` (String) Sync reply mode
  - CLI Alias: `syncreply-mode`
  - Choices: `mshSignalsOnly`, `none`
  - Default value: `none`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `verify_val_cred` (String) Signature validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `verify-valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_val_cred:id`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
