---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2b_xpath_routing_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2B XPath routing policy
  CLI Alias: b2b-xpath-routing
---

# datapower_b2b_xpath_routing_policy (Resource)

B2B XPath routing policy
  - CLI Alias: `b2b-xpath-routing`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_b2b_xpath_routing_policy" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestB2BXPathRoutingPolicy"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  sender_xpath   = "senderpath"
  receiver_xpath = "senderpath"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `receiver_xpath` (String) Receiver XPath
  - CLI Alias: `receiver-xpath`
- `sender_xpath` (String) Sender XPath
  - CLI Alias: `sender-xpath`

### Optional

- `date_time_xpath` (String) Specify the XPath expression to select the timestamp from the message. The results of this expression must be in the form of an <tt>xs:dateTime</tt> type.
  - CLI Alias: `transaction-time-xpath`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `document_id_xpath` (String) Specify the XPath expression for the unique identifier of the exchange. With the partner IDs, the XPath expression uniquely identifies a specific XML EDI message.
  - CLI Alias: `document-id-xpath`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
