---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2bcpacollaboration Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  B2B CPA collaboration
  CLI Alias: b2b-cpa-collaboration
---

# datapower_b2bcpacollaboration (Resource)

B2B CPA collaboration
  - CLI Alias: `b2b-cpa-collaboration`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_b2bcpacollaboration" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestB2BCPACollaboration"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  internal_role = "internal"
  external_role = "external"
  service       = "service"
  actions = [{
    name           = "cpacollaborationactionname"
    value          = "value"
    capability     = "cansend"
    sender_setting = "AccTest_B2BCPASenderSetting"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Attributes List) Specify CPA actions to bind. For a business collaboration, each action entry identifies a business message that a party can send or receive. For a collaboration of MSH level signal, the action overrides the sending or receiving behaviors of the default sender setting or default receiver setting.
  - CLI Alias: `action` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `service` (String) Specify the value of the service that acts on the message. The value is used to specify and identify the value of the Service element in the outbound and inbound ebMS message header. The service is one of the following types. <ul><li>A business collaboration service for exchanging business messages.</li><li>An MSH signal service for exchanging MSH signals.</li></ul><p>The value of <tt>urn:oasis:names:tc:ebxml-msg:service;</tt> is an MSH signal service. Any other value represents a business collaboration service.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `service`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `external_role` (String) Specify the name of the authorized role of the external partner in a business collaboration service. Each role is authorized for specific actions. For example, a <tt>Supplier</tt> role has the authority for selling actions.
  - CLI Alias: `external-role`
- `internal_role` (String) Specify the name of the authorized role of the internal partner in a business collaboration service. Each role is authorized for specific actions. For example, a <tt>Buyer</tt> role has the authority for purchasing actions.
  - CLI Alias: `internal-role`
- `process_specification` (String) Specify the location of the process specification document that defines the interactions between the internal and external partners. For example, <tt>http://www.rosettanet.org/processes/3A4</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `process-spec`
- `receiver_msh_setting` (String) Specify the name of the default MSH signal receiver to receive ebMS MSH signals to receive MSH level signals that include <tt>Acknowledgment</tt> , <tt>Error</tt> , <tt>StatusRequest</tt> , <tt>StatusResponse</tt> , <tt>Ping</tt> , and <tt>Pong</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `receiver-msh-setting`
  - Reference to: `datapower_b2bcpareceiversetting:id`
- `sender_msh_setting` (String) Specify the name of the default MSH signal sender to send ebMS MSH signals to send MSH level signals that include <tt>Acknowledgment</tt> , <tt>Error</tt> , <tt>StatusRequest</tt> , <tt>StatusResponse</tt> , <tt>Ping</tt> , and <tt>Pong</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `sender-msh-setting`
  - Reference to: `datapower_b2bcpasendersetting:id`
- `service_type` (String) Specify the value of the service type. If you specify the type, the value is present in the type attribute of the <tt>Service</tt> element within the message to be sent. If the type is empty, the value of the <tt>Service</tt> element must be a URI.
  - CLI Alias: `service-type`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Required:

- `name` (String) Action ID
  - CLI Alias: `name`
- `value` (String) Action value
  - CLI Alias: `value`

Optional:

- `capability` (String) Capability
  - CLI Alias: `capability`
  - Choices: `cansend`, `canreceive`
  - Default value: `cansend`
- `receiver_setting` (String) Receiver setting
  - CLI Alias: `receiver-setting`
  - Reference to: `datapower_b2bcpareceiversetting:id`
- `sender_setting` (String) Sender setting
  - CLI Alias: `sender-setting`
  - Reference to: `datapower_b2bcpasendersetting:id`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
