---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_b2bprofilegroup Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A group of B2B partner profiles that can be enable or disable at the same time. Each partner profile in the group is identified by its name and destination. Without a destination, the configuration uses the first destination for the partner profile.
  CLI Alias: b2b-profile-group
---

# datapower_b2bprofilegroup (Resource)

A group of B2B partner profiles that can be enable or disable at the same time. Each partner profile in the group is identified by its name and destination. Without a destination, the configuration uses the first destination for the partner profile.
  - CLI Alias: `b2b-profile-group`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_b2bprofilegroup" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestB2BProfileGroup"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  b2b_profiles = [{
    partner_profile = "AccTest_B2BProfile"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `b2b_profiles` (Attributes List) Partner profiles
  - CLI Alias: `b2b-profiles` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--b2b_profiles))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--b2b_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `b2b_profiles`

Required:

- `partner_profile` (String) Specify the partner profile.
  - CLI Alias: `profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_b2bprofile:id`

Optional:

- `profile_dest` (String) Specify the destination for this partner. Without this property, the first destination is used.
  - CLI Alias: `destination`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
