docs/resources/certmonitor.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_certmonitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Certificate monitor (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: cert-monitor
---

# datapower_certmonitor (Resource)

Certificate monitor (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `cert-monitor`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_certmonitor" "test" {
  polling_interval      = 1
  reminder_time         = 30
  log_level             = "warn"
  disable_expired_certs = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `disable_expired_certs` (Boolean) Disable expired certificates
  - CLI Alias: `disable-expired-certs`
  - Default value: `false`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `log_level` (String) Log level
  - CLI Alias: `log-level`
  - Choices: `emerg`, `alert`, `critic`, `error`, `warn`, `notice`, `info`, `debug`
  - Default value: `warn`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `polling_interval` (Number) Polling interval
  - CLI Alias: `poll`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `reminder_time` (Number) Reminder time
  - CLI Alias: `reminder`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `30`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/certmonitor.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_certmonitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Certificate monitor (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: cert-monitor
---

# datapower_certmonitor (Resource)

Certificate monitor (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `cert-monitor`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_certmonitor" "test" {
  polling_interval      = 1
  reminder_time         = 30
  log_level             = "warn"
  disable_expired_certs = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `disable_expired_certs` (Boolean) Disable expired certificates
  - CLI Alias: `disable-expired-certs`
  - Default value: `false`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `log_level` (String) Log level
  - CLI Alias: `log-level`
  - Choices: `emerg`, `alert`, `critic`, `error`, `warn`, `notice`, `info`, `debug`
  - Default value: `warn`
- `polling_interval` (Number) Polling interval
  - CLI Alias: `poll`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `reminder_time` (Number) Reminder time
  - CLI Alias: `reminder`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `30`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
