docs/resources/compilesettings.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_compilesettings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Compile Settings
  CLI Alias: compile-settings
---

# datapower_compilesettings (Resource)

Compile Settings
  - CLI Alias: `compile-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_compilesettings" "test" {
  id         = "CompileSettings_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `allow_soap_enc_array` (Boolean) Specifically allow xsi:type='SOAP-ENC:Array' rule
  - CLI Alias: `allow-soap-enc-array`
  - Default value: `false`
- `allow_xop_include` (Boolean) Accept MTOM/XOP optimized messages
  - CLI Alias: `allow-xop-include`
  - Default value: `false`
- `debug` (Boolean) Debug rule
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `minimum_escaping` (Boolean) Minimum output escaping rule
  - CLI Alias: `minesc`
  - Default value: `false`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `profile` (Boolean) Profile rule
  - CLI Alias: `profile`
  - Default value: `false`
- `stack_size` (Number) Maximum stack size
  - CLI Alias: `stack-size`
  - Range: `10240`-`104857600`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `stream` (Boolean) Streaming rule
  - CLI Alias: `stream`
  - Default value: `false`
- `strict` (Boolean) Strict
  - CLI Alias: `strict`
  - Default value: `true`
- `try_stream` (Boolean) Attempt streaming rule
  - CLI Alias: `try-stream`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `validate_soap_enc_array` (Boolean) Validate SOAP 1.1 encoding rule
  - CLI Alias: `validate-soap-enc-array`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wildcards_ignore_xsi_type` (Boolean) Wildcards ignore xsi:type rule
  - CLI Alias: `wildcards-ignore-xsi-type`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsdl_strict_soap_version` (Boolean) Strict SOAP envelope version
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-strict-soap-version`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsdl_validate_body` (String) Validate message body
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-validate-body`
  - Choices: `strict`, `lax`, `skip`
  - Default value: `strict`
- `wsdl_validate_faults` (String) Validate message fault details
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-validate-faults`
  - Choices: `strict`, `lax`, `skip`
  - Default value: `strict`
- `wsdl_validate_headers` (String) Validate message headers
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-validate-headers`
  - Choices: `strict`, `lax`, `skip`
  - Default value: `lax`
- `wsdl_wrapped_faults` (Boolean) Require wrappers on fault details specified by type
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-wrapped-faults`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsi_validation` (String) WS-I Basic Profile validation
  - CLI Alias: `wsi-validate`
  - Choices: `ignore`, `warn`, `fail`
  - Default value: `warn`
- `xacml_debug` (Boolean) Debug XACML policy
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `xslt_version` (String) XSLT version
  - CLI Alias: `xslt-version`
  - Choices: `XSLT10`, `XSLT10_IT23272`, `XSLT20`, `StylesheetSpecified`
  - Default value: `XSLT10`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/compilesettings.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_compilesettings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Compile Settings
  CLI Alias: compile-settings
---

# datapower_compilesettings (Resource)

Compile Settings
  - CLI Alias: `compile-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_compilesettings" "test" {
  id         = "CompileSettings_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `allow_soap_enc_array` (Boolean) Specifically allow xsi:type='SOAP-ENC:Array' rule
  - CLI Alias: `allow-soap-enc-array`
  - Default value: `false`
- `allow_xop_include` (Boolean) Accept MTOM/XOP optimized messages
  - CLI Alias: `allow-xop-include`
  - Default value: `false`
- `debug` (Boolean) Debug rule
  - CLI Alias: `debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `minimum_escaping` (Boolean) Minimum output escaping rule
  - CLI Alias: `minesc`
  - Default value: `false`
- `profile` (Boolean) Profile rule
  - CLI Alias: `profile`
  - Default value: `false`
- `stack_size` (Number) Maximum stack size
  - CLI Alias: `stack-size`
  - Range: `10240`-`104857600`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `stream` (Boolean) Streaming rule
  - CLI Alias: `stream`
  - Default value: `false`
- `strict` (Boolean) Strict
  - CLI Alias: `strict`
  - Default value: `true`
- `try_stream` (Boolean) Attempt streaming rule
  - CLI Alias: `try-stream`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `validate_soap_enc_array` (Boolean) Validate SOAP 1.1 encoding rule
  - CLI Alias: `validate-soap-enc-array`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wildcards_ignore_xsi_type` (Boolean) Wildcards ignore xsi:type rule
  - CLI Alias: `wildcards-ignore-xsi-type`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsdl_strict_soap_version` (Boolean) Strict SOAP envelope version
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-strict-soap-version`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsdl_validate_body` (String) Validate message body
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-validate-body`
  - Choices: `strict`, `lax`, `skip`
  - Default value: `strict`
- `wsdl_validate_faults` (String) Validate message fault details
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-validate-faults`
  - Choices: `strict`, `lax`, `skip`
  - Default value: `strict`
- `wsdl_validate_headers` (String) Validate message headers
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-validate-headers`
  - Choices: `strict`, `lax`, `skip`
  - Default value: `lax`
- `wsdl_wrapped_faults` (Boolean) Require wrappers on fault details specified by type
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl-wrapped-faults`
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsi_validation` (String) WS-I Basic Profile validation
  - CLI Alias: `wsi-validate`
  - Choices: `ignore`, `warn`, `fail`
  - Default value: `warn`
- `xacml_debug` (Boolean) Debug XACML policy
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-debug`
  - Default value: `false`
- `xslt_version` (String) XSLT version
  - CLI Alias: `xslt-version`
  - Choices: `XSLT10`, `XSLT10_IT23272`, `XSLT20`, `StylesheetSpecified`
  - Default value: `XSLT10`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
