---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_config_deployment_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A deployment policy contains a set of rules that are applied during a configuration import. A deployment policy can be used to accept, filter, or modify configuration during import.
  CLI Alias: deployment-policy
---

# datapower_config_deployment_policy (Resource)

A deployment policy contains a set of rules that are applied during a configuration import. A deployment policy can be used to accept, filter, or modify configuration during import.
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_config_deployment_policy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestConfigDeploymentPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  modified_config = [{
    match = "10.10.1.1/domainA/services/xslproxy?Value=myhost"
    type  = "change"
    value = "somevalue"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `accepted_config` (List of String) Matching configuration is accepted during import. To create a match statement, type a correctly formatted resource match in the horizontal text box or select Build. Selecting Build displays the Configuration Match Builder in a popup window. <p>A match statement takes the following general form: <br/><i>Addr</i> / <i>Domain</i> / <i>Resource</i> [? <i>Name=resource-name</i> &amp; <i>Property=property-name</i> &amp; <i>Value=property-value</i> ]</p><table><tr><td valign="top">Addr</td><td>Device Address. Specifies IP address or host alias. The value (*) matches all IP addresses.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Domain</td><td>Application Domain. The name of the application domain. The value (*) matches all domains.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Resource</td><td>Resource Type. The name of the resource type. The value (*) matches all resource types.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Name=resource-name</td><td>An additional specification field, such as "Name". Limits the match statement to resources of the specified name. Use a PCRE to select groups of resource instances. For example, "Name=foo.*" would match all resources with names that start with "foo".</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Property=property-name</td><td>Property Name. The name of the configuration property. Limits the match statement to resources of the specified property. If change specified, set property-name to null string.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Value=property-value</td><td>Property Value. Specifies the value for the configuration property. This property limits the match statement to resources with the specified property value.</td></tr></table>
  - CLI Alias: `accept`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `filtered_config` (List of String) Matching configuration is filtered during import. Match statements do not control whether to import files that are part of the imported configuration package. Files are imported regardless of whether the filter disallows the resources with which the files are associated. <p>To create a match statement, type a correctly formatted resource match in the horizontal text box or select Build. Selecting Build displays the Configuration Match Builder in a popup window.</p><p>A match statement takes the following general form: <br/><i>Addr</i> / <i>Domain</i> / <i>Resource</i> [? <i>Name=resource-name</i> &amp; <i>Property=property-name</i> &amp; <i>Value=property-value</i> ]</p><table><tr><td valign="top">Addr</td><td>Device Address. Specifies IP address or host alias. The value (*) matches all IP addresses.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Domain</td><td>Application Domain. The name of the application domain. The value (*) matches all domains.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Resource</td><td>Resource Type. The name of the resource type. The value (*) matches all resource types.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Name=resource-name</td><td>An additional specification field, such as "Name". Limits the match statement to resources of the specified name. Use a PCRE to select groups of resource instances. For example, "Name=foo.*" would match all resources with names that start with "foo".</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Property=property-name</td><td>Property Name. The name of the configuration property. Limits the match statement to resources of the specified property. If change specified, set property-name to null string.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Value=property-value</td><td>Property Value. Specifies the value for the configuration property. This property limits the match statement to resources with the specified property value.</td></tr></table>
  - CLI Alias: `filter`
- `modified_config` (Attributes List) Matching configuration is modified during import. The matching configuration may be changed, added, or deleted. To create a match statement, type a correctly formatted resource match in the horizontal text box or select Build. Selecting Build displays the Configuration Match Builder in a popup window. <p>A match statement takes the following general form: <br/><i>Addr</i> / <i>Domain</i> / <i>Resource</i> [? <i>Name=resource-name</i> &amp; <i>Property=property-name</i> &amp; <i>Value=property-value</i> ]</p><table><tr><td valign="top">Addr</td><td>Device Address. Specifies IP address or host alias. The value (*) matches all IP addresses.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Domain</td><td>Application Domain. The name of the application domain. The value (*) matches all domains.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Resource</td><td>Resource Type. The name of the resource type. The value (*) matches all resource types.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Name=resource-name</td><td>An additional specification field, such as "Name". Limits the match statement to resources of the specified name. Use a PCRE to select groups of resource instances. For example, "Name=foo.*" would match all resources with names that start with "foo".</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Property=property-name</td><td>Property Name. The name of the configuration property. Limits the match statement to resources of the specified property. If change specified, set property-name to null string.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Value=property-value</td><td>Property Value. Specifies the value for the configuration property. This property limits the match statement to resources with the specified property value.</td></tr></table>
  - CLI Alias: `modify` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--modified_config))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--modified_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `modified_config`

Required:

- `match` (String) Matching configuration is modified. To create a match statement, type a correctly formatted resource match in the horizontal text box select Build. Selecting Build displays the Configuration Match Builder in a popup window. <p>A match statement takes the following general form: <br/><i>Addr</i> / <i>Domain</i> / <i>Resource</i> [? <i>Name=resource-name</i> &amp; <i>Property=property-name</i> &amp; <i>Value=property-value</i> ]</p><table><tr><td valign="top">Addr</td><td>Device Address. Specifies IP address or host alias. The value (*) matches all IP addresses.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Domain</td><td>Application Domain. The name of the application domain. The value (*) matches all domains.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Resource</td><td>Resource Type. The name of the resource type. The value (*) matches all resource types.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Name=resource-name</td><td>An additional specification field, such as "Name". Limits the match statement to resources of the specified name. Use a PCRE to select groups of resource instances. For example, "Name=foo.*" would match all resources with names that start with "foo".</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Property=property-name</td><td>Property Name. The name of the configuration property. Limits the match statement to resources of the specified property. If change specified, set property-name to null string.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">Value=property-value</td><td>Property Value. Specifies the value for the configuration property. This property limits the match statement to resources with the specified property value.</td></tr></table>
  - CLI Alias: `match`
- `type` (String) Selects the type of configuration modification.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `add`, `delete`, `change`

Optional:

- `property` (String) Specifies the name of the property to add.
  - CLI Alias: `name`
  - Required When: `type`=`add`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `value` (String) Specifies the value of the added or changed property. To change a property value, you can use an explicit value or a value that contains a variable in the <tt>${ <i>variable</i> }</tt> format. If you use variables, you need a deployment policy variable configuration to map the variable to its replacement value. For example, when the value is <tt>${newName}</tt> or <tt>${newName}_Service</tt> , a referenced deployment policy variable configuration must map the <tt>newName</tt> variable to an explicit replacement value.
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Required When: `type`=`add`|`change`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
