---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_control_list Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_control_list (Resource)

<p>A control list uses a value-matching pattern to determine whether values are on the allowlist or blocklist.</p><p>The value-matching pattern is defined by a PCRE. When you define the control list, you can indicates whether evaluation is case-sensitive or case-insensitive.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `control-list`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_control_list" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestControlList"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `case_insensitive` (Boolean) Indicates whether the specified values are case-sensitive or case-insensitive.
  - CLI Alias: `case-insensitive`
  - Default value: `false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `type` (String) Specifies whether values are accepted or rejected.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `blocklist`, `allowlist`
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `value` (List of String) <p>Specifies the PCRE to evaluate values.</p><ul><li>An entry of <tt>^foo</tt> indicates a match against only values that start with <tt>foo</tt> .</li><li>An empty list indicates no match against any value.</li><li>A list with only <tt>.*</tt> indicates a match against all values.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `value`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
