docs/resources/countmonitor.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_countmonitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Message Count Monitor
  CLI Alias: monitor-count
---

# datapower_countmonitor (Resource)

Message Count Monitor
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-count`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_countmonitor" "test" {
  id           = "CookieAttributePolicy_name"
  app_domain   = "acc_test_domain"
  measure      = "requests"
  source       = "all"
  max_sources  = 10000
  message_type = "TestAccMessageType"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `message_type` (String) Message Type
  - CLI Alias: `message-type`
  - Reference to: `datapower_messagetype:id`

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes List) Thresholds/Filters
  - CLI Alias: `filter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `header` (String) Header
  - CLI Alias: `header`
  - Default value: `X-Client-IP`
- `max_sources` (Number) Maximum Distinct Sources
  - CLI Alias: `distinct-sources`
  - Default value: `10000`
- `measure` (String) Measure
  - CLI Alias: `measure`
  - Choices: `requests`, `responses`, `xpath`, `errors`
  - Default value: `requests`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `source` (String) Source
  - CLI Alias: `source`
  - Choices: `all`, `each-ip`, `ip-from-header`
  - Default value: `all`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action
  - Reference to: `datapower_filteraction:id`
- `burst_limit` (Number) Burst Limit
- `interval` (Number) Interval
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate_limit` (Number) Rate Limit
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/countmonitor.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_countmonitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Message Count Monitor
  CLI Alias: monitor-count
---

# datapower_countmonitor (Resource)

Message Count Monitor
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-count`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_countmonitor" "test" {
  id           = "CookieAttributePolicy_name"
  app_domain   = "acc_test_domain"
  measure      = "requests"
  source       = "all"
  max_sources  = 10000
  message_type = "TestAccMessageType"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `message_type` (String) Message Type
  - CLI Alias: `message-type`
  - Reference to: `datapower_messagetype:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `filter` (Attributes List) Thresholds/Filters
  - CLI Alias: `filter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `header` (String) Header
  - CLI Alias: `header`
  - Default value: `X-Client-IP`
- `max_sources` (Number) Maximum Distinct Sources
  - CLI Alias: `distinct-sources`
  - Default value: `10000`
- `measure` (String) Measure
  - CLI Alias: `measure`
  - Choices: `requests`, `responses`, `xpath`, `errors`
  - Default value: `requests`
- `source` (String) Source
  - CLI Alias: `source`
  - Choices: `all`, `each-ip`, `ip-from-header`
  - Default value: `all`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action
  - Reference to: `datapower_filteraction:id`
- `burst_limit` (Number) Burst Limit
- `interval` (Number) Interval
- `name` (String) Name
- `rate_limit` (Number) Rate Limit
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`
