docs/resources/crlfetch.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crlfetch Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CRL Retrieval (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: crl
---

# datapower_crlfetch (Resource)

CRL Retrieval (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `crl`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_crlfetch" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `crl_fetch_config` (Attributes List) CRL update policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--crl_fetch_config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--crl_fetch_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `crl_fetch_config`

Required:

- `fetch_type` (String) Protocol
  - Choices: `http`, `ldap`
- `issuer_valcred` (String) Issuer validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `issuer`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `name` (String) Policy name

Optional:

- `bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
  - CLI Alias: `bind-dn`
- `bind_pass_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
  - CLI Alias: `bind-pass-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `dn` (String) LDAP read DN
  - CLI Alias: `read-dn`
- `ldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP Read Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-readtimeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `60`
- `ldap_version` (String) LDAP version
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-version`
  - Choices: `v2`, `v3`
  - Default value: `v2`
- `refresh_interval` (Number) Refresh interval
  - CLI Alias: `refresh`
  - Range: `1`-`1440`
  - Default value: `240`
- `remote_address` (String) LDAP server
  - CLI Alias: `remote-address`
- `remote_port` (Number) LDAP port
  - Default value: `389`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `url` (String) Fetch URL
  - CLI Alias: `fetch-url`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/crlfetch.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crlfetch Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CRL Retrieval (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: crl
---

# datapower_crlfetch (Resource)

CRL Retrieval (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `crl`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_crlfetch" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `crl_fetch_config` (Attributes List) CRL update policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--crl_fetch_config))
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`

<a id="nestedatt--crl_fetch_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `crl_fetch_config`

Required:

- `fetch_type` (String) Protocol
  - Choices: `http`, `ldap`
- `issuer_valcred` (String) Issuer validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `issuer`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `name` (String) Policy name

Optional:

- `bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind DN
  - CLI Alias: `bind-dn`
- `bind_pass_alias` (String) LDAP bind password alias
  - CLI Alias: `bind-pass-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `dn` (String) LDAP read DN
  - CLI Alias: `read-dn`
- `ldap_read_timeout` (Number) LDAP Read Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-readtimeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `60`
- `ldap_version` (String) LDAP version
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-version`
  - Choices: `v2`, `v3`
  - Default value: `v2`
- `refresh_interval` (Number) Refresh interval
  - CLI Alias: `refresh`
  - Range: `1`-`1440`
  - Default value: `240`
- `remote_address` (String) LDAP server
  - CLI Alias: `remote-address`
- `remote_port` (Number) LDAP port
  - Default value: `389`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `url` (String) Fetch URL
  - CLI Alias: `fetch-url`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
