---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_cryptokey Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A private key provides an added layer of security by supplying an indirect reference to a file that contains a private key.
  CLI Alias: key
---

# datapower_cryptokey (Resource)

A private key provides an added layer of security by supplying an indirect reference to a file that contains a private key.
  - CLI Alias: `key`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_cryptokey" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestCryptoKey"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  filename   = "cert:///acc-test-server.key"
  alias      = "AccTest_PasswordAlias"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `filename` (String) Specify the file that contains the private key. The name might be the same as the file that contains the public key. <ul><li>When in the public crypto area, the file is in the <tt>pubcert:</tt> directory.</li><li>When in the private crypto area, the file is in the <tt>cert:</tt> directory.</li><li>When in the public area, the file is in the <tt>local:</tt> directory. <p><b>Attention:</b> Any file in the <tt>local:</tt> directory can be downloaded or included in an export. Therefore, consider carefully before you store crypto files in this directory.</p></li><li>When retrieved from z/OS, the file is in the <tt>saf-key:</tt> directory. The key must be a SAF key that is stored in ICSF.</li><li>When on z/OS, the file is in the <tt>saf-remote-key:</tt> directory. The key must be a SAF key that is stored in ICSF.</li><li>When on SafeNet Luna HSM, the file is in a partition of the <tt>luna-key:</tt> directory.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `file-name`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
