---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_val_cred Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_crypto_val_cred (Resource)

<p>Validation credentials authenticate certificates that are received from TLS peers. Validation credentials can be used to validate certificates that are used in digital signature and encryption operations.</p><p>a TLS client requires validation credentials only when it authenticates the certificate that is presented by the remote TLS server. The TLS standard does not require authentication of the server certificate.</p><p>a TLS server requires validation credentials only when it authenticates remote TLS clients. The TLS standard does not require authentication of the client certificate.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_crypto_val_cred" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestCryptoValCred"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `cert_validation_mode` (String) Certificate validation mode
  - CLI Alias: `cert-validation-mode`
  - Choices: `legacy`, `pkix`, `exact-match`
  - Default value: `legacy`
- `certificate` (List of String) Specify the list of certificates for the validation credentials. Each certificate in the validation credentials is the certificate that a TLS peer might send or is the certificate of the certification authority (CA) that signed the certificate that is sent by a peer or is the root certificate.
  - CLI Alias: `certificate`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_certificate:id`
- `check_dates` (Boolean) Specify whether to check dates during certificate validation. This validation checks the current date and time against the <tt>notBefore</tt> and <tt>notAfter</tt> values in certificates and CRLs. When enabled, the date values are checked and expired certificates cause validation to fail. Otherwise, the date values are ignored and and do not cause validation to fail when a certificate is expired.
  - CLI Alias: `check-dates`
  - Default value: `true`
- `crl_dp_handling` (String) Specify the support of certificate extensions for X.509 certificate distribution points. This certificate extension specifies how to obtain CRL information. For more information, see RFC 2527 and RFC 3280.
  - CLI Alias: `crldp`
  - Choices: `ignore`, `require`
  - Default value: `ignore`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `explicit_policy` (Boolean) Specify support for the initial explicit policy variable as defined by RFC 3280. When enabled, the chain validation algorithm must end with a non-empty policy tree. Otherwise, the algorithm can end with an empty policy tree unless policy constraint extensions in the chain require an explicit policy.
  - CLI Alias: `explicit-policy`
  - Default value: `false`
- `initial_policy_set` (List of String) Specify the unique object identifiers for the certificate policy. <p>RFC 3280 refers to the input variable for certificate chain validation as <tt>user-initial-policy-set</tt> . These OIDs specify the allow values of certificate policies. To use this functionality, you need to require an explicit certificate policy. Otherwise, this set is used only if there are policy constraint extensions in the certificate chain.</p><p>By default, the initial certificate policy set consists of the single OID 2.5.29.32.0, which identifies <tt>anyPolicy</tt> .</p>
  - CLI Alias: `initial-policy-set`
- `require_crl` (Boolean) Specify whether to mandate CRLs during certificate validation. When enabled, certificate validation fails if no CRL is available. Otherwise, validation succeeds independent of the availability of a CRL.
  - CLI Alias: `require-crl`
  - Default value: `false`
- `use_crl` (Boolean) Specify whether to check certificate revocation lists (CRLs) during certificate validation. When enabled, CRLs are checked. Otherwise, CRLs are not checked.
  - CLI Alias: `use-crl`
  - Default value: `true`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
