---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_cryptoidentcred Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Identification credentials consist of a key and a certificate. Identification credentials identify the matched public key cryptography to the public and private keys that an object uses for TLS authentication. You use identification credentials for document encryption, document decryption, and digital signature operations.
  CLI Alias: idcred
---

# datapower_cryptoidentcred (Resource)

Identification credentials consist of a key and a certificate. Identification credentials identify the matched public key cryptography to the public and private keys that an object uses for TLS authentication. You use identification credentials for document encryption, document decryption, and digital signature operations.
  - CLI Alias: `idcred`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_cryptoidentcred" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestCryptoIdentCred"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  key         = "AccTest_CryptoKey"
  certificate = "AccTest_CryptoCertificate"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `certificate` (String) Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `certificate`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `key` (String) Key
  - CLI Alias: `key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokey:id`

### Optional

- `ca` (List of String) Specify the list to manage intermediate certificates. Intermediate certificate authority (CA) certificates might be necessary when the CA that is signing this certificate is not widely recognized. If the intermediate CA certificate is also signed by a less recognized CA, another intermediate CA certificate might be necessary for that CA. You can specify up to 10 intermediate certificates. <p>If necessary, use the list of available certificate aliases to establish a verifiable trust chain. A trust chain consists of one or more CA certificates. A trust chain provides a linked path from certificates in the identification credentials to a CA that is trusted by a remote DataPower&#174; Gateway. The trust chain enables the DataPower Gateway to authenticate the certificate.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ca`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
