---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_fw_cred Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The set of crypto credentials (private keys, shared secret keys, and certificates) that are usable by an XML firewall when calling security extension functions to perform actions such as encryption, decryption, digital signing, and verification. If a firewall uses firewall credentials and a particular certificate or key is not included in this list, the crypto operation attempting to use the key or certificate fails.
  CLI Alias: fwcred
---

# datapower_crypto_fw_cred (Resource)

The set of crypto credentials (private keys, shared secret keys, and certificates) that are usable by an XML firewall when calling security extension functions to perform actions such as encryption, decryption, digital signing, and verification. If a firewall uses firewall credentials and a particular certificate or key is not included in this list, the crypto operation attempting to use the key or certificate fails.
  - CLI Alias: `fwcred`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_crypto_fw_cred" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestCryptoFWCred"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  private_key = ["AccTest_CryptoKey"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `certificate` (List of String) Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `certificate`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_certificate:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `private_key` (List of String) Private key
  - CLI Alias: `key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_key:id`
- `shared_secret_key` (List of String) Shared secret key
  - CLI Alias: `sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_sskey:id`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
