---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_crypto_kerberos_kdc Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kerberos KDC Server
  CLI Alias: kerberos-kdc
---

# datapower_crypto_kerberos_kdc (Resource)

Kerberos KDC Server
  - CLI Alias: `kerberos-kdc`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_crypto_kerberos_kdc" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestCryptoKerberosKDC"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  realm      = "realm"
  server     = "localhost"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `realm` (String) The name of the Kerberos realm that the KDC is serving.
  - CLI Alias: `realm`
- `server` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the remote Kerberos KDC server. Click Ping verify network connectivity.
  - CLI Alias: `server`

### Optional

- `cache_tickets` (Boolean) Specify whether to cache Kerberos service tickets when generating AP-REQ tokens in this realm.
  - CLI Alias: `cache-tickets`
  - Default value: `true`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `max_cached_tickets` (Number) Specify the maximum number of Kerberos service tickets per owner principal to cache in this realm.
  - CLI Alias: `max-cached-tickets`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `32`
- `min_cached_ticket_validity` (Number) Specify the minimum amount of validity time in seconds that must remain on a Kerberos service ticket for it to be reused from the ticket cache.
  - CLI Alias: `min-cached-ticket-validity`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `60`
- `server_port` (Number) Specify the UDP or TCP listening port on the Kerberos KDC server. Use a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 88.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `88`
- `udp_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for a UDP response from the KDC before declaring failure.
  - CLI Alias: `udp-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`60`
  - Default value: `5`
- `use_tcp` (Boolean) Select to control whether to contact the Kerberos KDC server with UDP (the default, off) or TCP (on).
  - CLI Alias: `tcp`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Enter a brief, descriptive comment.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
