---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_dnsnameservice Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure the DNS client with the DNS servers to contact to resolve hostnames to IP addresses.
  CLI Alias: dns
---

# datapower_dnsnameservice (Resource)

Configure the DNS client with the DNS servers to contact to resolve hostnames to IP addresses.
  - CLI Alias: `dns`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_dnsnameservice" "test" {
  load_balance_algorithm = "first-alive"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `force_ip_preference` (Boolean) Specify whether to restrict DNS queries to the preferred IP version to resolve hostnames. You want to force the IP preference except when both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses are in use. When not forced, the device resolves each hostname by querying A and AAAA records and waiting for both responses or a timeout. Waiting for the response or timeout for both records can introduce unnecessary latency in DNS resolution.
  - CLI Alias: `force-ip-preference`
  - Default value: `false`
- `ip_preference` (String) Specify the preferred IP version to resolve hostnames. When a hostname resolves to both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, this setting determines which version to use.
  - CLI Alias: `ip-preference`
  - Choices: `4`, `6`
- `load_balance_algorithm` (String) Specify the load distribution algorithm to resolve hostnames. The default algorithm is first-alive.
  - CLI Alias: `load-balance`
  - Choices: `round-robin`, `first-alive`
  - Default value: `first-alive`
- `max_retries` (Number) For the first alive algorithm, specify the maximum number of resolution attempts to send a query to the list of name servers before an error is returned. By default, an unacknowledged resolution request is attempted 3 times.
  - CLI Alias: `retries`
  - Default value: `2`
- `name_servers` (Attributes List) Specify the list of DNS servers to contact to resolve hostnames. If you define multiple servers, ensure that the sequence to contact the servers is your preferred order.
  - CLI Alias: `name-server` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_servers))
- `search_domains` (Attributes List) Specify the list of search domains to resolve partial hostnames.
  - CLI Alias: `search-domain` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_domains))
- `static_hosts` (Attributes List) Specify the static map of hostnames to IP addresses that do not use DNS resolution. Because the local resolver uses a cache, static hosts do not improve performance.
  - CLI Alias: `static-host` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_hosts))
- `timeout` (Number) For the first alive algorithm, specify the duration in seconds that the resolver waits for a response from a DNS server. After expiry, the resolver attempts the query to a different DNS server. The default value is 5.
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Default value: `5`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--name_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_servers`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) Specify the IP address of DNS server.

Optional:

- `max_retries` (Number) Specify the maximum number of times to send a query to the DNS server. By default, an unacknowledged resolution request is attempted 3 times. This setting is ignored with the first alive load balancing algorithm. For the first alive algorithm, define this behavior at the DNS settings level rather than the individual server level.
  - Default value: `3`
- `tcp_port` (Number) Specify the TCP port that the DNS server monitors. The default value is 53. This setting is ignored with the first alive load balancing algorithm.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `53`
- `udp_port` (Number) Specify the UDP port that the DNS server monitors. The default value is 53. This setting is ignored with the first alive load balancing algorithm.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `53`


<a id="nestedatt--search_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_domains`

Required:

- `search_domain` (String) Specify the domain name.


<a id="nestedatt--static_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_hosts`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Specify the hostname of the target host.
- `ip_address` (String) Specify the IP address for the target host.

Optional:

- `user_summary` (String) Specify a brief, descriptive summary for the configuration.
