---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_document_crypto_map Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Document Crypto Map indicates which elements, of a complete schema, to encrypt or decrypt. The indicated element or elements may also be signed.
  CLI Alias: document-crypto-map
---

# datapower_document_crypto_map (Resource)

A Document Crypto Map indicates which elements, of a complete schema, to encrypt or decrypt. The indicated element or elements may also be signed.
  - CLI Alias: `document-crypto-map`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_document_crypto_map" "test" {
  id                  = "ResTestDocumentCryptoMap"
  app_domain          = "acceptance_test"
  operation           = "encrypt"
  xpath               = ["*", ]
  name_space_mappings = null
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `xpath` (List of String) <p>Enter the XPath expression identifying the elements on which to operate in the blank field in front of the Add button. Click Add to add the expression to those included in the map.</p><p>Click the XPath Tool button to use the graphically oriented XPath Tool to construct the message. You will need to upload an example document to use this tool. Note that this example should be the encrypted document when the operation is decrypt.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `select`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `name_space_mappings` (Attributes List) The prefix and URI for namespaces that might be encountered in requests.
  - CLI Alias: `namespace-mapping` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_space_mappings))
- `operation` (String) Select the operation to perform on the selected document nodes.
  - CLI Alias: `operation`
  - Choices: `encrypt`, `encrypt-wssec`, `decrypt`, `sign-wssec`
  - Default value: `encrypt`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--name_space_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_space_mappings`

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix (Prefix:) used to map namespaces that might be encountered in client requests.
- `uri` (String) The URI (URI:) used to map namespaces that might be encountered in client requests.
