---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_domainsettings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Domain settings provide properties to define domain-specific characteristics when you save changes to the persisted configuration.
  CLI Alias: domain-settings
---

# datapower_domainsettings (Resource)

Domain settings provide properties to define domain-specific characteristics when you save changes to the persisted configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `domain-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_domainsettings" "test" {
  app_domain         = "acceptance_test"
  password_treatment = "masked"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `passphrase` (String) Passphrase
  - CLI Alias: `passphrase`
- `password_treatment` (String) Password treatment
  - CLI Alias: `password-treatment`
  - Choices: `none`, `masked`
  - Default value: `masked`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
