---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_domain Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An application domain contains the resources that support DataPower services. The DataPower Gateway supports multiple domains. Domains can share read access to files in their local: directory. All domains share the contents of the store: directory. After a user logs in to a domain, everything the user does applies to only this domain.Except for the default domain, all domains can be restarted independently. For the default domain, you must restart the DataPower Gateway. When an domain or the DataPower Gateway is restarted, the persisted configuration is used. The persisted configuration can differ from the running configuration.The configuration of a domain can be locally stored or can be retrieved from a remote server. The use of a remote configuration file enables centralized management of domains.
  CLI Alias: domainAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce, restart
---

# datapower_domain (Resource)

An application domain contains the resources that support DataPower services. The DataPower Gateway supports multiple domains. Domains can share read access to files in their <tt>local:</tt> directory. All domains share the contents of the <tt>store:</tt> directory. <p>After a user logs in to a domain, everything the user does applies to only this domain.</p><p>Except for the <tt>default</tt> domain, all domains can be restarted independently. For the <tt>default</tt> domain, you must restart the DataPower Gateway. When an domain or the DataPower Gateway is restarted, the persisted configuration is used. The persisted configuration can differ from the running configuration.</p><p>The configuration of a domain can be locally stored or can be retrieved from a remote server. The use of a remote configuration file enables centralized management of domains.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `domain`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`, `restart`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_domain" "test" {
  app_domain = "domain_resource_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `config_mode` (String) Configuration mode
  - CLI Alias: `config-mode`
  - Choices: `local`, `import`
  - Default value: `local`
- `config_permissions_mode` (String) Configuration permissions mode
  - CLI Alias: `config-permissions-mode`
  - Choices: `scope-domain`, `global-profile`, `specific-profile`
  - Default value: `scope-domain`
- `config_permissions_profile` (String) Global permissions profile
  - CLI Alias: `config-permissions-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_profile:id`
  - Required When: `config_permissions_mode`=`global-profile`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `deployment_policy` (String) Deployment policy
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_config_deployment_policy:id`
- `deployment_policy_parameters` (String) Deployment policy variables
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy-variables`
  - Reference to: `datapower_deployment_policy_parameters_binding:id`
- `domain_user` (List of String) Specify the set of CLI users who can access this domain. These users can log into this domain through the CLI. This setting can be superseded by an existing access policy of the user.
  - CLI Alias: `domain-user`
  - Reference to: `datapower_user:id`
- `file_map` (Attributes) Specify the file permissions to apply to the <tt>local:</tt> directory. When access permissions are defined and with role-based management, users are granted the lesser privilege.
  - CLI Alias: `file-permissions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_map))
- `import_format` (String) Import format
  - CLI Alias: `import-format`
  - Choices: `ZIP`, `XML`
  - Default value: `ZIP`
  - Required When: `config_mode`=`import`
- `import_url` (String) Import URL
  - CLI Alias: `import-url`
  - Required When: `config_mode`=`import`
- `local_ip_rewrite` (Boolean) Specify whether to rewrite local IP addresses during import. When enabled, local IP addresses in the import package are rewritten to match the local IP address on the DataPower Gateway. In other words, a service that binds to <tt>eth10</tt> in the import package is rewritten to bind to the local IP address of <tt>eth10</tt> on the DataPower Gateway.
  - CLI Alias: `local-ip-rewrite`
  - Default value: `true`
  - Required When: `config_mode`=`import`
- `max_chkpoints` (Number) Checkpoint limit
  - CLI Alias: `maxchkpoints`
  - Range: `1`-`5`
  - Default value: `3`
- `monitoring_map` (Attributes) File-monitoring of the local: directory
  - CLI Alias: `file-monitoring` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitoring_map))
- `neighbor_domain` (List of String) Specify which domains have their <tt>local:</tt> directory visible to this domain. <p>References to visible domains are explicit, not bidirectional. If domain <tt>domainB</tt> is made visible to domain <tt>domainA</tt> , the following conditions apply.</p><ul><li>Domain <tt>domainA</tt> has read-only access to the <tt>local:</tt> directory of domain <tt>domainB</tt> .</li><li>Domain <tt>domainB</tt> cannot see domain <tt>domainA</tt> .</li></ul><p>In this case, you cannot make domain <tt>domainA</tt> visible to domain <tt>domainB</tt> . References to visible domains cannot be circular.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `visible-domain`
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

### Read-Only

- `config_dir` (String) Specify where the configuration file for this domain is stored. This property is read-only because it is configured in domain settings.

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--file_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_map`

Optional:

- `copy_from` (Boolean) Allow files to be copied from
  - Default value: `true`
- `copy_to` (Boolean) Allow files to be copied to
  - Default value: `true`
- `delete` (Boolean) Allow files to be deleted
  - Default value: `true`
- `display` (Boolean) Allow file content to be displayed
  - Default value: `true`
- `exec` (Boolean) Allow files to be run as scripts
  - Default value: `true`
- `subdir` (Boolean) Allow subdirectories to be created
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--monitoring_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_map`

Optional:

- `audit` (Boolean) Enable auditing
  - Default value: `false`
- `log` (Boolean) Enable logging
  - Default value: `false`
