---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_domain_availability Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Domain availability monitors each multiprotocol gateway and web service proxy in the domain. When the operational state of any service in the domain is in the down state, the operational state for domain availability is down to indicate that these services are not ready to accept traffic. At startup, domain availability maintains all handlers in a quiesced state until their associated services are fully configured. When these services are ready to accept traffic, an event is written to the log that indicates that the domain is ready to process traffic.
  CLI Alias: domain-availability
---

# datapower_domain_availability (Resource)

Domain availability monitors each multiprotocol gateway and web service proxy in the domain. When the operational state of any service in the domain is in the down state, the operational state for domain availability is down to indicate that these services are not ready to accept traffic. At startup, domain availability maintains all handlers in a quiesced state until their associated services are fully configured. When these services are ready to accept traffic, an event is written to the log that indicates that the domain is ready to process traffic.
  - CLI Alias: `domain-availability`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_domain_availability" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
