docs/resources/domain.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_domain Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Application domain
  CLI Alias: domain
---

# datapower_domain (Resource)

Application domain
  - CLI Alias: `domain`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_domain" "test" {
  app_domain = "domain_resource_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `config_mode` (String) Configuration mode
  - CLI Alias: `config-mode`
  - Choices: `local`, `import`
  - Default value: `local`
- `config_permissions_mode` (String) Configuration permissions mode
  - CLI Alias: `config-permissions-mode`
  - Choices: `scope-domain`, `global-profile`, `specific-profile`
  - Default value: `scope-domain`
- `config_permissions_profile` (String) Global permissions profile
  - CLI Alias: `config-permissions-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accessprofile:id`
- `deployment_policy` (String) Deployment policy
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_configdeploymentpolicy:id`
- `deployment_policy_parameters` (String) Deployment policy variables
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy-variables`
  - Reference to: `datapower_deploymentpolicyparametersbinding:id`
- `domain_user` (List of String) CLI user access
  - CLI Alias: `domain-user`
  - Reference to: `datapower_user:id`
- `file_map` (Attributes) File permission to the local: directory
  - CLI Alias: `file-permissions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_map))
- `import_format` (String) Import format
  - CLI Alias: `import-format`
  - Choices: `ZIP`, `XML`
  - Default value: `ZIP`
- `import_url` (String) Import URL
  - CLI Alias: `import-url`
- `local_ip_rewrite` (Boolean) Rewrite local IP addresses
  - CLI Alias: `local-ip-rewrite`
  - Default value: `true`
- `max_chkpoints` (Number) Checkpoint limit
  - CLI Alias: `maxchkpoints`
  - Range: `1`-`5`
  - Default value: `3`
- `monitoring_map` (Attributes) File-monitoring of the local: directory
  - CLI Alias: `file-monitoring` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitoring_map))
- `neighbor_domain` (List of String) Visible domains
  - CLI Alias: `visible-domain`
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

### Read-Only

- `config_dir` (String) Configuration directory

<a id="nestedatt--file_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_map`

Optional:

- `copy_from` (Boolean) Allow files to be copied from
  - Default value: `true`
- `copy_to` (Boolean) Allow files to be copied to
  - Default value: `true`
- `delete` (Boolean) Allow files to be deleted
  - Default value: `true`
- `display` (Boolean) Allow file content to be displayed
  - Default value: `true`
- `exec` (Boolean) Allow files to be run as scripts
  - Default value: `true`
- `subdir` (Boolean) Allow subdirectories to be created
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--monitoring_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_map`

Optional:

- `audit` (Boolean) Enable auditing
  - Default value: `false`
- `log` (Boolean) Enable logging
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/domain.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_domain Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Application domain
  CLI Alias: domainAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce, restart
---

# datapower_domain (Resource)

Application domain
  - CLI Alias: `domain`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`, `restart`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_domain" "test" {
  app_domain = "domain_resource_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `config_mode` (String) Configuration mode
  - CLI Alias: `config-mode`
  - Choices: `local`, `import`
  - Default value: `local`
- `config_permissions_mode` (String) Configuration permissions mode
  - CLI Alias: `config-permissions-mode`
  - Choices: `scope-domain`, `global-profile`, `specific-profile`
  - Default value: `scope-domain`
- `config_permissions_profile` (String) Global permissions profile
  - CLI Alias: `config-permissions-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accessprofile:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `deployment_policy` (String) Deployment policy
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_configdeploymentpolicy:id`
- `deployment_policy_parameters` (String) Deployment policy variables
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy-variables`
  - Reference to: `datapower_deploymentpolicyparametersbinding:id`
- `domain_user` (List of String) CLI user access
  - CLI Alias: `domain-user`
  - Reference to: `datapower_user:id`
- `file_map` (Attributes) File permission to the local: directory
  - CLI Alias: `file-permissions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_map))
- `import_format` (String) Import format
  - CLI Alias: `import-format`
  - Choices: `ZIP`, `XML`
  - Default value: `ZIP`
- `import_url` (String) Import URL
  - CLI Alias: `import-url`
- `local_ip_rewrite` (Boolean) Rewrite local IP addresses
  - CLI Alias: `local-ip-rewrite`
  - Default value: `true`
- `max_chkpoints` (Number) Checkpoint limit
  - CLI Alias: `maxchkpoints`
  - Range: `1`-`5`
  - Default value: `3`
- `monitoring_map` (Attributes) File-monitoring of the local: directory
  - CLI Alias: `file-monitoring` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitoring_map))
- `neighbor_domain` (List of String) Visible domains
  - CLI Alias: `visible-domain`
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

### Read-Only

- `config_dir` (String) Configuration directory

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--file_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_map`

Optional:

- `copy_from` (Boolean) Allow files to be copied from
  - Default value: `true`
- `copy_to` (Boolean) Allow files to be copied to
  - Default value: `true`
- `delete` (Boolean) Allow files to be deleted
  - Default value: `true`
- `display` (Boolean) Allow file content to be displayed
  - Default value: `true`
- `exec` (Boolean) Allow files to be run as scripts
  - Default value: `true`
- `subdir` (Boolean) Allow subdirectories to be created
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--monitoring_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_map`

Optional:

- `audit` (Boolean) Enable auditing
  - Default value: `false`
- `log` (Boolean) Enable logging
  - Default value: `false`
