docs/resources/duration_monitor.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_duration_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  On-Line Help for Message-Duration Monitors. Duration Monitors observe the duration, or amount of time, taken to process submissions.
  CLI Alias: monitor-duration
---

# datapower_duration_monitor (Resource)

On-Line Help for Message-Duration Monitors. Duration Monitors observe the duration, or amount of time, taken to process submissions.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-duration`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_duration_monitor" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestDurationMonitor"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  measure    = "messages"
  filter = [{
    name   = "ResTestDmDurationMonitorFilter"
    value  = 1
    action = "AccTest_FilterAction"
  }]
  message_type = "AccTest_MessageType"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `message_type` (String) Select the message type monitored by this message-count monitor.
  - CLI Alias: `message-type`
  - Reference to: `datapower_message_type:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `filter` (Attributes List) Click this tab to define a message-duration monitor threshold and assign an action taken when the threshold is reached.
  - CLI Alias: `filter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `measure` (String) Select which portion of the transaction cycle to monitor. The default is Messages.
  - CLI Alias: `measure`
  - Choices: `messages`, `requests`, `server`, `responses`
  - Default value: `messages`
- `user_summary` (String) A Message Monitor observes traffic that is incuded by the Message Type definition (which in turn is a collection of Message Matching objects). The Monitor measures only that traffic selected by the Measure field. On the Filters page, traffic which meets the filter criteria causes the Monitor to take the corresponding action (which is defined by a Message Filter Type object).
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `action` (String) Select the monitor policy (Message Filter Action) implemented by the monitor when the target message type exceeds the threshold value. Click the + button to create a new action.
  - Reference to: `datapower_filter_action:id`
- `name` (String) Enter the name of the threshold. This name appears in the logs when the threshold action is taken.
- `value` (Number) Enter the threshold value in milliseconds.

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/duration_monitor.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_duration_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  On-Line Help for Message-Duration Monitors. Duration Monitors observe the duration, or amount of time, taken to process submissions.
  CLI Alias: monitor-duration
---

# datapower_duration_monitor (Resource)

On-Line Help for Message-Duration Monitors. Duration Monitors observe the duration, or amount of time, taken to process submissions.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-duration`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_duration_monitor" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestDurationMonitor"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  measure    = "messages"
  filter = [{
    name   = "ResTestDmDurationMonitorFilter"
    value  = 1
    action = "AccTest_FilterAction"
  }]
  message_type = "AccTest_MessageType"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `message_type` (String) Select the message type monitored by this message-count monitor.
  - CLI Alias: `message-type`
  - Reference to: `datapower_message_type:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `filter` (Attributes List) Click this tab to define a message-duration monitor threshold and assign an action taken when the threshold is reached.
  - CLI Alias: `filter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `measure` (String) Select which portion of the transaction cycle to monitor. The default is Messages.
  - CLI Alias: `measure`
  - Choices: `messages`, `requests`, `server`, `responses`
  - Default value: `messages`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) A Message Monitor observes traffic that is incuded by the Message Type definition (which in turn is a collection of Message Matching objects). The Monitor measures only that traffic selected by the Measure field. On the Filters page, traffic which meets the filter criteria causes the Monitor to take the corresponding action (which is defined by a Message Filter Type object).
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `action` (String) Select the monitor policy (Message Filter Action) implemented by the monitor when the target message type exceeds the threshold value. Click the + button to create a new action.
  - Reference to: `datapower_filter_action:id`
- `name` (String) Enter the name of the threshold. This name appears in the logs when the threshold action is taken.
- `value` (Number) Enter the threshold value in milliseconds.
