docs/resources/ebms3_source_protocol_handler.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The configuration for an ebMS3 handler.
  CLI Alias: source-ebms3Accepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler (Resource)

The configuration for an ebMS3 handler.
  - CLI Alias: `source-ebms3`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestEBMS3SourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
  local_port    = 80
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `aaa_policy` (String) AAA policy
  - CLI Alias: `aaa-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaa_policy:id`
- `acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_control_list:id`
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable GZIP compression with clients. By default, compression is not enabled.
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `credential_charset` (String) Specify the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. The default value is protocol, which is ISO-8859-1 (Latin 1). <p>Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the HTTP <tt>Authorization</tt> request header. The contents of the <tt>Authorization</tt> header is transcoded to UTF-8.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
  - Default value: `protocol`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `http_version` (String) Specify the HTTP version for client connection. The default value is HTTP/1.1.
  - CLI Alias: `http-client-version`
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `local_address` (String) Specify the local IP address that the service listens. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which indicates that the service is active on all addresses. You can use a local host alias to help ease migration.
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Specifies the port that this service monitors. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 80.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `80`
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Specify the maximum number of headers to allow in client requests. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-count`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length to accept for any header name. A header is expressed as a name-value pair. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-name-len`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of the query string. The query string is the portion of the URL after the <tt>?</tt> character. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
  - CLI Alias: `max-querystring-len`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum aggregate size of headers in bytes in client requests. Enter a value in the range 5 - 128000. The default value is 128000.
  - CLI Alias: `max-total-header-len`
  - Range: `5`-`128000`
  - Default value: `128000`
- `max_url_len` (Number) Specify the maximum URL length in bytes to accept from clients. Enter a value in the range 1 - 128000. The default value is 16384. The length includes any query string or fragment identifier.
  - CLI Alias: `max-url-len`
  - Range: `1`-`128000`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length to accept for any header value. A header is expressed as a name-value pair. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-value-len`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable persistent connections with clients. By default, persistent connections are enabled.
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connections`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`server`
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) Specify the type of TLS profile to secure client connections.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`sni`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/ebms3_source_protocol_handler.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The configuration for an ebMS3 handler.
  CLI Alias: source-ebms3Accepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler (Resource)

The configuration for an ebMS3 handler.
  - CLI Alias: `source-ebms3`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ebms3_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestEBMS3SourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
  local_port    = 80
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `aaa_policy` (String) AAA policy
  - CLI Alias: `aaa-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaa_policy:id`
- `acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_control_list:id`
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable GZIP compression with clients. By default, compression is not enabled.
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `credential_charset` (String) Specify the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. The default value is protocol, which is ISO-8859-1 (Latin 1). <p>Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the HTTP <tt>Authorization</tt> request header. The contents of the <tt>Authorization</tt> header is transcoded to UTF-8.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
  - Default value: `protocol`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `http_version` (String) Specify the HTTP version for client connection. The default value is HTTP/1.1.
  - CLI Alias: `http-client-version`
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `local_address` (String) Specify the local IP address that the service listens. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which indicates that the service is active on all addresses. You can use a local host alias to help ease migration.
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Specifies the port that this service monitors. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 80.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `80`
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Specify the maximum number of headers to allow in client requests. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-count`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length to accept for any header name. A header is expressed as a name-value pair. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-name-len`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of the query string. The query string is the portion of the URL after the <tt>?</tt> character. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
  - CLI Alias: `max-querystring-len`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum aggregate size of headers in bytes in client requests. Enter a value in the range 5 - 128000. The default value is 128000.
  - CLI Alias: `max-total-header-len`
  - Range: `5`-`128000`
  - Default value: `128000`
- `max_url_len` (Number) Specify the maximum URL length in bytes to accept from clients. Enter a value in the range 1 - 128000. The default value is 16384. The length includes any query string or fragment identifier.
  - CLI Alias: `max-url-len`
  - Range: `1`-`128000`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length to accept for any header value. A header is expressed as a name-value pair. The default value is 0, which means unlimited.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-value-len`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `0`
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable persistent connections with clients. By default, persistent connections are enabled.
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connections`
  - Default value: `true`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`server`
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) Specify the type of TLS profile to secure client connections.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`sni`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
