---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_file Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The datapower_file resource manages files on an IBM DataPower Gateway, allowing practitioners to upload files to a specified remote path within an application domain. The resource supports uploading file content either by referencing a local file path or by providing the file content directly as a string. It tracks file changes using a computed hash, which is updated based on the local file or provided content. If the remote file is readable (e.g. not in a cert folder), the hash attribute is updated during the plan phase to reflect changes in the remote file. This resource is useful for managing stylesheets, gateway scripts, certificates, or other file based assets on the DataPower Gateway.
---

# datapower_file (Resource)

The `datapower_file` resource manages files on an IBM DataPower Gateway, allowing practitioners to upload files to a specified remote path within an application domain. The resource supports uploading file content either by referencing a local file path or by providing the file content directly as a string. It tracks file changes using a computed hash, which is updated based on the local file or provided content. If the remote file is readable (e.g. not in a `cert` folder), the hash attribute is updated during the plan phase to reflect changes in the remote file. This resource is useful for managing stylesheets, gateway scripts, certificates, or other file based assets on the DataPower Gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_file" "acc_test" {
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  remote_path = "cert:///test_file.txt"
  local_path  = "/workspaces/terraform-provider-datapower/testutils/test_file.txt"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `remote_path` (String) File remote path

### Optional

- `content` (String, Sensitive) String content of file (UTF-8 text only), which will be uploaded. Not valid if `local_file` is set. 
!> **Note:** This is string is stored in the state file and may not be appropriate for sensitive values.
  - Required When: `local_path`==`null`
  - Not Valid When: `local_path`!=`null`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `hash` (String, Deprecated) Provider calculated hash to track file changes.
- `local_path` (String) Path to local file, which will be uploaded. Not valid if `content` is set.
  - Required When: `content`==`null`
  - Not Valid When: `content`!=`null`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
