docs/resources/filesystemusagemonitor.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_filesystemusagemonitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  File system usage monitor (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: fs-usage-monitor
---

# datapower_filesystemusagemonitor (Resource)

File system usage monitor (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `fs-usage-monitor`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_filesystemusagemonitor" "test" {
  polling_interval = 60
  all_system       = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `all_qm_critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold for queue manager file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-qm-critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `all_qm_warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold for queue manager file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-qm-warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`
- `all_system` (Boolean) Monitor all system file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-system`
  - Default value: `true`
- `all_system_critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold for all system file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-system-critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `all_system_warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold for all system file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-system-warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `polling_interval` (Number) Polling interval
  - CLI Alias: `poll`
  - Range: `15`-`65535`
  - Default value: `60`
- `queue_manager` (Attributes List) Queue manager file systems
  - CLI Alias: `qm` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queue_manager))
- `system` (Attributes List) System file systems
  - CLI Alias: `system` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--queue_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queue_manager`

Required:

- `name` (String) Queue manager
  - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold
  - CLI Alias: `critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold
  - CLI Alias: `warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`


<a id="nestedatt--system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system`

Required:

- `name` (String) File system
  - CLI Alias: `name`
  - Choices: `system`, `raid`, `temporary`, `mqroot`, `mqbackup`, `mqdiag`, `mqerr`, `mqtrace`

Optional:

- `critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold
  - CLI Alias: `critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold
  - CLI Alias: `warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/filesystemusagemonitor.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_filesystemusagemonitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  File system usage monitor (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: fs-usage-monitor
---

# datapower_filesystemusagemonitor (Resource)

File system usage monitor (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `fs-usage-monitor`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_filesystemusagemonitor" "test" {
  polling_interval = 60
  all_system       = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `all_qm_critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold for queue manager file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-qm-critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `all_qm_warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold for queue manager file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-qm-warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`
- `all_system` (Boolean) Monitor all system file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-system`
  - Default value: `true`
- `all_system_critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold for all system file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-system-critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `all_system_warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold for all system file systems
  - CLI Alias: `all-system-warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `polling_interval` (Number) Polling interval
  - CLI Alias: `poll`
  - Range: `15`-`65535`
  - Default value: `60`
- `queue_manager` (Attributes List) Queue manager file systems
  - CLI Alias: `qm` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queue_manager))
- `system` (Attributes List) System file systems
  - CLI Alias: `system` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--queue_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queue_manager`

Required:

- `name` (String) Queue manager
  - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold
  - CLI Alias: `critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold
  - CLI Alias: `warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`


<a id="nestedatt--system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system`

Required:

- `name` (String) File system
  - CLI Alias: `name`
  - Choices: `system`, `raid`, `temporary`, `mqroot`, `mqbackup`, `mqdiag`, `mqerr`, `mqtrace`

Optional:

- `critical_threshold` (Number) Critical threshold
  - CLI Alias: `critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `warning_threshold` (Number) Warning threshold
  - CLI Alias: `warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`
