---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_file_system_usage_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The file system usage monitor is a utility that checks file systems to determine how much space is available and generates log events to report the usage of each file system. When initially enabled, the monitor immediately checks the file systems.
  CLI Alias: fs-usage-monitor
---

# datapower_file_system_usage_monitor (Resource)

The file system usage monitor is a utility that checks file systems to determine how much space is available and generates log events to report the usage of each file system. When initially enabled, the monitor immediately checks the file systems.
  - CLI Alias: `fs-usage-monitor`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_file_system_usage_monitor" "test" {
  polling_interval = 60
  all_system       = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `all_system` (Boolean) Specify whether the utility checks all or only a subset of system file systems. By default, all file systems are scanned. <ul><li>When enabled, you can define specific file systems that override their default thresholds.</li><li>When not enabled, define the file systems to check with their thresholds.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `all-system`
  - Default value: `true`
- `all_system_critical_threshold` (Number) Specify the usage threshold to generate a critical event when the check is against all system file systems. The threshold is the percentage of the file system that is full. The value for the critical threshold must be greater than the warning threshold. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 75.
  - CLI Alias: `all-system-critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
  - Required When: `all_system`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: `all_system`=`false`
- `all_system_warning_threshold` (Number) Specify the usage threshold to generate a warning event when the check is against all system file systems. The threshold is the percentage of the file system that is full. The value for the warning threshold must be less than the critical threshold. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 75.
  - CLI Alias: `all-system-warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`
  - Required When: `all_system`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: `all_system`=`false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `polling_interval` (Number) Specify the interval in minutes between file system checks for their usage. Enter a value in the range 15 - 65535. The default value is 60.
  - CLI Alias: `poll`
  - Range: `15`-`65535`
  - Default value: `60`
- `system` (Attributes List) Specify the system file systems to check with their usage thresholds. These thresholds override the thresholds that are defined for all system file systems.
  - CLI Alias: `system` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specify the system file system to check.
  - CLI Alias: `name`
  - Choices: `system`, `raid`, `temporary`, `mqroot`, `mqbackup`, `mqdiag`, `mqerr`, `mqtrace`

Optional:

- `critical_threshold` (Number) Specify the usage threshold to generate a critical event. The threshold is the percentage of the file system that is full. The value for the critical threshold must be greater than the warning threshold. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 90.
  - CLI Alias: `critical`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `90`
- `warning_threshold` (Number) Specify the usage threshold to generate a warning event. The threshold is the percentage of the file system that is full. The value for the warning threshold must be less than the critical threshold. Enter a value in the range 0 - 100. The default value is 75.
  - CLI Alias: `warning`
  - Range: `0`-`100`
  - Default value: `75`
