---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_filter_action Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A message filter action defines the administrative action to take. Filters can be cautionary or stringent.
  CLI Alias: monitor-action
---

# datapower_filter_action (Resource)

A message filter action defines the administrative action to take. Filters can be cautionary or stringent.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-action`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_filter_action" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestFilterAction"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  type       = "notify"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `block_interval` (Number) Specify an optional interval during which an over-threshold message type is denied service. Meaningful only when the message is rejected due to policy or shaping queue overflow. This value is the duration of service denial in milliseconds. The default value is 0, indicates that over-threshold messages are dropped but no service denial penalty is imposed.
  - CLI Alias: `block-interval`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `log_level` (String) Specify the priority of the log message that is generated when a monitored message type exceeds a threshold value.
  - CLI Alias: `log-priority`
  - Choices: `emerg`, `alert`, `critic`, `error`, `warn`, `notice`, `info`, `debug`
  - Default value: `debug`
- `type` (String) Select the action to take The default is notify.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `notify`, `reject`, `shape`
  - Default value: `notify`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
