---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ftpquotecommands Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The configturation creates a named list of FTP commands to be quoted to a remote FTP server before a file transfer. These commands are referenced by the FTP Policies section of a User Agent configuration.
  CLI Alias: ftp-quote-command-list
---

# datapower_ftpquotecommands (Resource)

The configturation creates a named list of FTP commands to be quoted to a remote FTP server before a file transfer. These commands are referenced by the FTP Policies section of a User Agent configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `ftp-quote-command-list`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ftpquotecommands" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestFTPQuoteCommands"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `ftp_quoted_commands` (Attributes List) The list of commands to send to the remote FTP server.
  - CLI Alias: `quoted-command` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ftp_quoted_commands))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--ftp_quoted_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ftp_quoted_commands`

Required:

- `quoted_command` (String) The command to send to the remote FTP server. The command must not be one that would create an FTP data connection. Normally this will be a SITE command. This command must return a result code in the 200 series.
