---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager (Resource)

<p>The gateway-peering manager defines the gateway-peering instances that store data for synchronization across a peer group. With the gateway-peering manager, you specify the gateway-peering instance to use the feature-specific data store. The gateway-peering instance are for API rate limits, API subscribers, API probe data, and the GatweayScript <tt>ratelimit</tt> module.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `gateway-peering-manager`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager" "test" {
  app_domain                  = "acceptance_test"
  api_connect_gateway_service = "default-gateway-peering"
  rate_limit                  = "default-gateway-peering"
  subscription                = "default-gateway-peering"
  ratelimit_module            = "default-gateway-peering"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_connect_gateway_service` (String) API Connect gateway service
  - CLI Alias: `apic-gw-service`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `rate_limit` (String) API rate limits
  - CLI Alias: `rate-limit`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `ratelimit_module` (String) GatewayScript ratelimit module keys
  - CLI Alias: `ratelimit-module`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `subscription` (String) API subscribers
  - CLI Alias: `subscription`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
