docs/resources/gatewaypeeringmanager.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gateway-peering manager
  CLI Alias: gateway-peering-manager
---

# datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager (Resource)

Gateway-peering manager
  - CLI Alias: `gateway-peering-manager`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager" "test" {
  app_domain                  = "acc_test_domain"
  api_connect_gateway_service = "default-gateway-peering"
  rate_limit                  = "default-gateway-peering"
  subscription                = "default-gateway-peering"
  ratelimit_module            = "default-gateway-peering"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_connect_gateway_service` (String) API Connect gateway service
  - CLI Alias: `apic-gw-service`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `rate_limit` (String) API rate limits
  - CLI Alias: `rate-limit`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `ratelimit_module` (String) GatewayScript ratelimit module keys
  - CLI Alias: `ratelimit-module`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `subscription` (String) API subscribers
  - CLI Alias: `subscription`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/gatewaypeeringmanager.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gateway-peering manager
  CLI Alias: gateway-peering-manager
---

# datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager (Resource)

Gateway-peering manager
  - CLI Alias: `gateway-peering-manager`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gatewaypeeringmanager" "test" {
  app_domain                  = "acc_test_domain"
  api_connect_gateway_service = "default-gateway-peering"
  rate_limit                  = "default-gateway-peering"
  subscription                = "default-gateway-peering"
  ratelimit_module            = "default-gateway-peering"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_connect_gateway_service` (String) API Connect gateway service
  - CLI Alias: `apic-gw-service`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `rate_limit` (String) API rate limits
  - CLI Alias: `rate-limit`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `ratelimit_module` (String) GatewayScript ratelimit module keys
  - CLI Alias: `ratelimit-module`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`
- `subscription` (String) API subscribers
  - CLI Alias: `subscription`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gatewaypeering:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
