---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gatewaypeeringgroup Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A gateway-peering group defines members as a group to synchronize data across members. When a group can work in stand-alone mode, peer-based mode, or cluster-based mode. For stand-alone, no peers defined. This mode is for only development or testing purposes.For a peer group, add peers and configure the connection among the peers.For a cluster, add cluster nodes and the other nodes that are in the same data center.
  CLI Alias: gateway-peering-group
---

# datapower_gatewaypeeringgroup (Resource)

A gateway-peering group defines members as a group to synchronize data across members. When a group can work in stand-alone mode, peer-based mode, or cluster-based mode. <ul><li>For stand-alone, no peers defined. This mode is for only development or testing purposes.</li><li>For a peer group, add peers and configure the connection among the peers.</li><li>For a cluster, add cluster nodes and the other nodes that are in the same data center.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `gateway-peering-group`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gatewaypeeringgroup" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestGatewayPeeringGroup"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  mode       = "peer"
  enable_ssl = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `cluster_auto_config` (Boolean) Specify whether the cluster configuration is managed automatically. By default, cluster configuration is managed automatically. Unless directed by IBM Support, do not change this setting.
  - CLI Alias: `cluster-auto-config`
  - Default value: `true`
- `cluster_nodes` (Attributes List) Specify nodes for the cluster group. To add a node, enter its local IP address or host alias and the comma-separated list of local IP addresses or host aliases of the other nodes that are in the same data center. <p>Because the primary count is 3, the configuration requires a minimum of 6 nodes that are generally in 2 data centers. Each node is defined on a different DataPower Gateway. The minimal configuration is 3 primary-secondary pairs. Each pair is a shard that manages a subset of slots.</p><p>Each primary node can have more than one secondary node, but each primary node requires the same number of secondary nodes. In other words, you can define an environment of 9 nodes, which is a configuration of 3 primary nodes and 6 secondary nodes. In this configuration, each primary node has 2 secondary nodes.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `cluster-node` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_nodes))
- `cluster_primary_count` (String) Primary count
  - CLI Alias: `cluster-primary-count`
  - Choices: `3`
  - Default value: `3`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Specify whether to use TLS to secure the connection among the members. By default, TLS is enabled. When enabled, ensure that all members use the same TLS configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `enable-ssl`
  - Default value: `true`
- `idcred` (String) Specify the identification credentials that contains the credentials that the current member uses to identify itself to other peers. Client authentication uses mutual TLS.
  - CLI Alias: `idcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptoidentcred:id`
- `mode` (String) Mode
  - CLI Alias: `mode`
  - Choices: `peer`, `cluster`
  - Default value: `peer`
- `peer_nodes` (Attributes List) Specify peers for the the group. To add a peer, enter its local IP address or host alias and its priority.
  - CLI Alias: `peer-node` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--peer_nodes))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `valcred` (String) Validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`

<a id="nestedatt--cluster_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_nodes`

Required:

- `host` (String) Address

Optional:

- `local_nodes` (String) Local nodes


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--peer_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `peer_nodes`

Required:

- `host` (String) Address

Optional:

- `priority` (Number) Priority
  - Range: `0`-`255`
  - Default value: `100`
