docs/resources/gateway_peering.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gateway_peering Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A gateway-peering instance defines how members synchronize data across members.
  CLI Alias: gateway-peering
---

# datapower_gateway_peering (Resource)

A gateway-peering instance defines how members synchronize data across members.
  - CLI Alias: `gateway-peering`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gateway_peering" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestGatewayPeering"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  local_address = "5.5.5.5"
  local_port    = 16380
  enable_ssl    = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_peer_group` (Boolean) Specify whether the gateway-peering instance uses a peer group. <ul><li>When enabled, the instance works in the mode that is set for the peer group. This setting is the default value.</li><li>When not enabled, the instance works in stand-alone mode.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `enable-peer-group`
  - Default value: `true`
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Specify whether to use TLS to secure the connection among the members. By default, TLS is enabled. In peer-based mode, ensure that all peers use the same TLS configuration.
  - Default value: `false`
- `local_address` (String) Specify the IP address or host alias that the gateway service listens on. The IP address can be any DataPower network interface that can be accessed by other peers in the peer group. The IP address cannot be 127.0.0.1, 0.0.0.0 or ::.
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Required When: (`enable_peer_group`=`true` OR (`enable_peer_group`=`false` AND `peer_group`=``))
- `local_directory` (String) Specify the directory to store data. For example, <tt>local:///group1</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `local-directory`
  - Default value: `local:///`
  - Required When: `persistence_location`=`local`
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the port that the gateway service listens on. The default value is 16380. Ensure that all peers use the same port.
  - CLI Alias: `local-port`
  - Default value: `16380`
- `max_memory` (Number) Specify the maximum memory for the data store. When memory reaches this limit, data is removed by using the least recently used (LRU) algorithm. The default value is 0, which means no limits. Do not over allocate memory.
  - CLI Alias: `max-memory`
  - Range: `0`-`1048576`
- `monitor_port` (Number) Specify the port to monitor for state synchronization. The default value is 26380. Ensure that all peers use the same port.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-port`
  - Default value: `26380`
- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias to secure the data store. If not specified, a system default is used. The use of the system default is classified as a security vulnerability (CVE-2022-31776).
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `peer_group` (String) Gateway-peering group
  - CLI Alias: `peer-group`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gateway_peering_group:id`
- `persistence_location` (String) Specify where to store data. Ensure that all peers in the group store data in the same location.
  - CLI Alias: `persistence`
  - Choices: `memory`, `local`, `raid`
  - Default value: `memory`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added `ignored_when` logic and attribute validators for conditionally ignoring attributes

docs/resources/gateway_peering.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gateway_peering Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A gateway-peering instance defines how members synchronize data across members.
  CLI Alias: gateway-peering
---

# datapower_gateway_peering (Resource)

A gateway-peering instance defines how members synchronize data across members.
  - CLI Alias: `gateway-peering`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gateway_peering" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestGatewayPeering"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  local_address = "5.5.5.5"
  local_port    = 16380
  enable_ssl    = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_peer_group` (Boolean) Specify whether the gateway-peering instance uses a peer group. <ul><li>When enabled, the instance works in the mode that is set for the peer group. This setting is the default value.</li><li>When not enabled, the instance works in stand-alone mode.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `enable-peer-group`
  - Default value: `true`
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Specify whether to use TLS to secure the connection among the members. By default, TLS is enabled. In peer-based mode, ensure that all peers use the same TLS configuration.
  - Default value: `false`
  - Not Valid When: `peer_group`!=``
- `local_address` (String) Specify the IP address or host alias that the gateway service listens on. The IP address can be any DataPower network interface that can be accessed by other peers in the peer group. The IP address cannot be 127.0.0.1, 0.0.0.0 or ::.
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Required When: (`enable_peer_group`=`true` OR (`enable_peer_group`=`false` AND `peer_group`=``))
- `local_directory` (String) Specify the directory to store data. For example, <tt>local:///group1</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `local-directory`
  - Default value: `local:///`
  - Required When: `persistence_location`=`local`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the port that the gateway service listens on. The default value is 16380. Ensure that all peers use the same port.
  - CLI Alias: `local-port`
  - Default value: `16380`
- `max_memory` (Number) Specify the maximum memory for the data store. When memory reaches this limit, data is removed by using the least recently used (LRU) algorithm. The default value is 0, which means no limits. Do not over allocate memory.
  - CLI Alias: `max-memory`
  - Range: `0`-`1048576`
  - Not Valid When: `persistence_location`!=`memory`
- `monitor_port` (Number) Specify the port to monitor for state synchronization. The default value is 26380. Ensure that all peers use the same port.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-port`
  - Default value: `26380`
- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias to secure the data store. If not specified, a system default is used. The use of the system default is classified as a security vulnerability (CVE-2022-31776).
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `peer_group` (String) Gateway-peering group
  - CLI Alias: `peer-group`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gateway_peering_group:id`
  - Not Valid When: `enable_peer_group`!=`true`
- `persistence_location` (String) Specify where to store data. Ensure that all peers in the group store data in the same location.
  - CLI Alias: `persistence`
  - Choices: `memory`, `local`, `raid`
  - Default value: `memory`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
