---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_git_ops_template Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A core capability of the GitOps feature is to replace placeholder or template values with environment or device-specific values. This feature is analogous to deployment policies but differs in implementation.
  CLI Alias: gitops-template
---

# datapower_git_ops_template (Resource)

A core capability of the GitOps feature is to replace placeholder or template values with environment or device-specific values. This feature is analogous to deployment policies but differs in implementation.
  - CLI Alias: `gitops-template`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_git_ops_template" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestGitOpsTemplate"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  templates = [{
    template_type = "change"
    class_name    = "someclass"
    name          = "templatename"
    field         = "fieldname"
    value         = "templatevalue"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `templates` (Attributes List) Specify the GitOps templates to modify the DataPower configuration. Template processing is in the order of the read or write GitOps operation.
  - CLI Alias: `template` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templates))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templates`

Required:

- `class_name` (String) Specify the the object class.
  - CLI Alias: `class`
- `field` (String) Specify the property name.
  - CLI Alias: `field`
- `name` (String) - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `template_type` (String) Specify the type of template. The supported types are change and custom.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `change`, `add`, `delete`, `custom`
  - Default value: `change`
- `value` (String) Specify the value that is specific to the template type. <ul><li>When change, specify the replacement value for the identified property in this specific named object instance.</li><li>When custom, specify the transform to insert a template value</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Required When: `template_type`!=`delete`
  - Not Valid When: `template_type`=`delete`
- `value_inverse` (String) Specify the value inverse. This value is the inverse transform to replace the template value with the wanted value.
  - CLI Alias: `value-inverse`
  - Required When: `template_type`=`custom`
  - Not Valid When: `template_type`!=`custom`
- `value_validate` (String) Specify the query to validate the replaced value at the specified location. The query to return <tt>true</tt> when the template value is found at the specified location and <tt>false</tt> when the template value is not found at the specified location. The query is in the following format. <p><code>configuration.%Class[$match(`@name`, /^%Name/)]%ValueValidate</code></p>
  - CLI Alias: `value-validate`
  - Not Valid When: `template_type`!=`custom`
