---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_git_ops Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Each DataPower domain supports a single GitOps instance that operates in either read-only mode or read/write mode. The DataPower GitOps integration helps to automate configuration management through version control. This integration supports industry-standard GitOps practices and authoring experiences.
  CLI Alias: gitops
---

# datapower_git_ops (Resource)

Each DataPower domain supports a single GitOps instance that operates in either read-only mode or read/write mode. The DataPower GitOps integration helps to automate configuration management through version control. This integration supports industry-standard GitOps practices and authoring experiences.
  - CLI Alias: `gitops`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_git_ops" "test" {
  app_domain        = "acceptance_test"
  connection_type   = "https"
  mode              = "read-write"
  commit_identifier = "main"
  remote_location   = "https://github.com/ScottW514/terraform-provider-datapower"
  username          = "gitusername"
  password          = "AccTest_PasswordAlias"
  tls_valcred       = "AccTest_CryptoValCred"
  git_user          = "Git User"
  git_email         = "git@user.domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `commit_identifier` (String) Commit identifier
  - CLI Alias: `commit-id`
- `remote_location` (String) Remote location
  - CLI Alias: `location`

### Optional

- `commit_identifier_type` (String) Specify the branch, commit hash, or tag for read and write GitOps operations against the repository. Use of branch is the default setting.
  - CLI Alias: `commit-id-type`
  - Choices: `branch`, `tag`, `commit`
  - Default value: `branch`
  - Not Valid When: `mode`=`read-write`
- `connection_type` (String) Specify the protocol to secure the connection. HTTPS is the default protocol.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `https`, `ssh`
  - Default value: `https`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `git_email` (String) Specify the user emai. Controls <tt>user.email</tt> in <tt>git config</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `email`
  - Required When: `mode`=`read-write`
  - Not Valid When: `mode`=`read-only`
- `git_user` (String) Specify the full username. Controls <tt>user.name</tt> in <tt>git config</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `name`
  - Required When: `mode`=`read-write`
  - Not Valid When: `mode`=`read-only`
- `interval` (Number) Specify the interval in minutes to poll the repository for changes. Enter a value in the range 0 - 1440. The default value is 5. To disable polling, specify 0.
  - CLI Alias: `interval`
  - Range: `0`-`1440`
  - Default value: `5`
  - Required When: `mode`=`read-only`
  - Not Valid When: `mode`=`read-write`
- `json_parse_settings` (String) JSON parse settings
  - CLI Alias: `json-settings`
  - Reference to: `datapower_json_settings:id`
- `mode` (String) Specify the operational mode of the Git repository. The default mode is read-only.
  - CLI Alias: `mode`
  - Choices: `read-only`, `read-write`
  - Default value: `read-write`
- `password` (String) Password
  - CLI Alias: `password`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
  - Required When: `connection_type`=`https`
  - Not Valid When: `connection_type`=`ssh`
- `ssh_authorized_keys_file` (String) Specify the file that contains the authorized SSH keys. This file must be in the <tt>cert:</tt> or <tt>sharedcert:</tt> directory.
  - CLI Alias: `ssh-authorized-keyfile`
  - Required When: `connection_type`=`ssh`
  - Not Valid When: `connection_type`=`https`
- `ssh_client_profile` (String) SSH client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssh-client-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssh_client_profile:id`
  - Required When: `connection_type`=`ssh`
  - Not Valid When: `connection_type`=`https`
- `template_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the list of template policy for GitOps processing. The policy processing is in the order of the read or write GitOps operation.
  - CLI Alias: `template-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_policies))
- `tls_valcred` (String) HTTPS validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `https-valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_val_cred:id`
  - Required When: `connection_type`=`https`
  - Not Valid When: `connection_type`=`ssh`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `username` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `username`
  - Required When: `connection_type`=`https`
  - Not Valid When: `connection_type`=`ssh`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--template_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_policies`

Optional:

- `remote_policy` (String)
