---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gitopstemplate Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A core capability of the GitOps feature is to replace placeholder or template values with environment or device-specific values. This feature is analogous to deployment policies but differs in implementation.
  CLI Alias: gitops-template
---

# datapower_gitopstemplate (Resource)

A core capability of the GitOps feature is to replace placeholder or template values with environment or device-specific values. This feature is analogous to deployment policies but differs in implementation.
  - CLI Alias: `gitops-template`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gitopstemplate" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestGitOpsTemplate"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `templates` (Attributes List) Specify the GitOps templates to modify the DataPower configuration. Template processing is in the order of the read or write GitOps operation.
  - CLI Alias: `template` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templates))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templates`

Required:

- `class_name` (String) Class
  - CLI Alias: `class`
- `field` (String) Property
  - CLI Alias: `field`
- `name` (String) Name
  - CLI Alias: `name`

Optional:

- `template_type` (String) Template type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `change`, `add`, `delete`, `custom`
  - Default value: `change`
- `value` (String) Read value
  - CLI Alias: `value`
- `value_inverse` (String) Write value
  - CLI Alias: `value-inverse`
- `value_validate` (String) Value validate
  - CLI Alias: `value-validate`
