---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_gw_script_settings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can configure the following GatewayScript settings. Whether to freeze the GatewayScript built-in objects.How to manage untrusted code mitigation to protect against SSCA.The maximum allowed duration that a GatewayScript action can continuously use the CPU.
  CLI Alias: gatewayscript-settings
---

# datapower_gw_script_settings (Resource)

You can configure the following GatewayScript settings. <ul><li>Whether to freeze the GatewayScript built-in objects.</li><li>How to manage untrusted code mitigation to protect against SSCA.</li><li>The maximum allowed duration that a GatewayScript action can continuously use the CPU.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `gatewayscript-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_gw_script_settings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `frozen_enabled` (Boolean) Specify whether to freeze the GatewayScript built-in object prototypes. <ul><li>When frozen, you cannot modify, add, or remove prototypes. This setting is the default setting.</li><li>When not frozen, you can manipulate prototypes.</li></ul><p>If you change and persist this property, the change is pending and requires a firmware reload.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `freeze-prototype`
  - Default value: `true`
- `terminate_time` (Number) Specify the maximum duration in seconds that a GatewayScript action can continuously use CPU without yielding back to the system event loop. When the processing of a GatewayScript action exceeds the duration, processing is stopped and an error is logged. Enter a value in the range 1 - 300. The default value is 0, which indicates unlimited.
  - CLI Alias: `max-processing-duration`
  - Range: `0`-`300`
- `untrusted_code_mitigated` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable untrusted code mitigation to protect against Speculative Side-Channel Attacks (SSCA). <ul><li>When enabled, protects untrusted code against SSCA. This setting is the default setting.</li><li>When disabled, does not protect untrusted code against SSCA.</li></ul><p>If you change and persist this property, the change is pending and requires a firmware reload.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `untrusted-code-mitigations`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

### Read-Only

- `reload_needed` (Boolean) System reload needed
  - CLI Alias: `reload-needed`
  - Default value: `false`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
