---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_httpuseragent Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A user agent define how to retrieve resources from remote servers.
  CLI Alias: user-agent
---

# datapower_httpuseragent (Resource)

A user agent define how to retrieve resources from remote servers.
  - CLI Alias: `user-agent`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_httpuseragent" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestHTTPUserAgent"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `add_header_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS to inject HTTP headers into the message.
  - CLI Alias: `add-header-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_header_policies))
- `allow_compression_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS that allow compression.
  - CLI Alias: `compression-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_compression_policies))
- `basic_auth_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific username and password for basic authentication.
  - CLI Alias: `basicauth` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--basic_auth_policies))
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `ftp_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associate a set of URLs to control FTP client options for outgoing connections. These settings override the compiled-in defaults and can be further overridden by query parameters that initiates the file transfer.
  - CLI Alias: `ftp-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ftp_policies))
- `header_retention_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS to retain specific heads in messages.
  - CLI Alias: `headerretention-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_retention_policies))
- `http_version_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs to specific HTTP versions. This policy is cumulative. If any transaction, URL match, or gateway have an HTTP version policy, that transaction is processed at the requested HTTP version.
  - CLI Alias: `http-version-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_version_policies))
- `identifier` (String) Specify the string that the user agent includes as the <tt>request-header</tt> field. This field contains information about the user agent that initiates the request. By default, the system does not include a <tt>request-header</tt> field.
  - CLI Alias: `identifier`
- `max_redirects` (Number) Specify the maximum number of HTTP redirect messages received before the target URL is declared unreachable. Enter a value in the range 0 - 128. The default value is 8.
  - CLI Alias: `max-redirects`
  - Range: `0`-`128`
  - Default value: `8`
- `proxy_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the proxy policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific HTTP proxy.
  - CLI Alias: `proxy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy_policies))
- `pubkey_auth_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific private key for public key authentication. The remote host must possess and reference the corresponding public key (certificate) to connect successfully.
  - CLI Alias: `pubkeyauth` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pubkey_auth_policies))
- `sftp_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associate a set of URLs to control SSH client options for outgoing connections. These settings override the compiled-in defaults and can be further overridden by query parameters that initiates the file transfer.
  - CLI Alias: `sftp-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sftp_policies))
- `smtp_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLS to control SMTP client options for outgoing connections. These settings override the compiled-in defaults and can be further overridden by query parameters that sends the e-mail message.
  - CLI Alias: `smtp-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--smtp_policies))
- `soap_action_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific HTTP SOAPAction header.
  - CLI Alias: `soapaction` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--soap_action_policies))
- `ssl_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URLs with a specific TLS profile. When a URL matches the expression, the agent uses the corresponding TLS profile to secure connections with the resource.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl_policies))
- `timeout` (Number) the maximum idle time in seconds before an established connection to a remote server is torn down. Enter a avlue in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 300.
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `300`
- `upload_chunked_policies` (Attributes List) Specify the policy that associates a set of URL to control whether to send chunked-encoded documents. With HTTP/1.1, the body of the document can be delimited by <tt>Content-Length</tt> or chunked encoding. All servers understand <tt>Content-Length</tt> but many applications fail to understand chunked encoding. Therefore, <tt>Content-Length</tt> is used. However, the use of <tt>Content-Length</tt> interferes with the ability of the service to fully stream. <p>Unlike all other HTTP/1.1 features that can be negotiated down at run time, you must know beforehand that the target server is RFC 2616 compatible.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `chunked-uploads-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upload_chunked_policies))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--add_header_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_header_policies`

Required:

- `add_header` (String) Name
- `add_value` (String) Value
- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression


<a id="nestedatt--allow_compression_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_compression_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Allow Compression
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--basic_auth_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `basic_auth_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression
- `user_name` (String) Username

Optional:

- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--ftp_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ftp_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `auth_tls` (String) Encrypt command connection
  - Choices: `auth-off`, `auth-tls-opt`, `auth-tls-req`, `auth-tls-imp`
  - Default value: `auth-off`
- `data_type` (String) Data type
  - Choices: `ascii`, `binary`
  - Default value: `binary`
- `encrypt_data` (String) Encrypt file transfers
  - Choices: `enc-data-off`, `enc-data-opt`, `enc-data-req`
  - Default value: `enc-data-off`
- `passive` (String) Passive mode
  - Choices: `pasv-off`, `pasv-opt`, `pasv-req`
  - Default value: `pasv-req`
- `quoted_commands` (String) Quoted commands
  - Reference to: `datapower_ftpquotecommands:id`
- `size_check` (String) Size check
  - Choices: `size-check-optional`, `size-check-disabled`
  - Default value: `size-check-optional`
- `slash_stou` (String) Write unique file name if trailing slash
  - Choices: `slash-stou-off`, `slash-stou-on`
  - Default value: `slash-stou-on`
- `use_ccc` (String) Stop command encryption after authentication
  - Choices: `ccc-off`, `ccc-opt`, `ccc-req`
  - Default value: `ccc-off`


<a id="nestedatt--header_retention_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_retention_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `header_retention` (Attributes) Headers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_retention_policies--header_retention))

<a id="nestedatt--header_retention_policies--header_retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_retention_policies.header_retention`

Optional:

- `accept__encoding` (Boolean) Accept-Encoding
  - Default value: `false`
- `mqmd` (Boolean) MQMD
  - Default value: `false`
- `range` (Boolean) Range
  - Default value: `false`
- `te` (Boolean) TE
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--http_version_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_version_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `http2_required` (Boolean) Require HTTP/2
  - Default value: `false`
- `version` (String) HTTP version
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`, `HTTP/2`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`


<a id="nestedatt--proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote port

Optional:

- `remote_address` (String) Remote host
- `skip` (Boolean) Skip
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--pubkey_auth_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pubkey_auth_policies`

Required:

- `crypto_key` (String) Private Key
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokey:id`
- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression


<a id="nestedatt--sftp_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sftp_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression
- `ssh_client_profile` (String) SSH client profile
  - Reference to: `datapower_sshclientprofile:id`

Optional:

- `use_unique_filenames` (Boolean) Use unique file names
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--smtp_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `smtp_policies`

Optional:

- `auth` (String) Authentication method
  - Choices: `plain`, `login`
  - Default value: `plain`
- `options` (Attributes) Options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--smtp_policies--options))
- `recipient` (String) Recipient e-mail
- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression
  - Default value: `dpsmtp://*`
- `sender` (String) Sender e-mail
- `subject` (String) Subject

<a id="nestedatt--smtp_policies--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `smtp_policies.options`

Optional:

- `auth` (Boolean) Authentication
  - Default value: `false`
- `start_tls` (Boolean) STARTTLS
  - Default value: `false`



<a id="nestedatt--soap_action_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `soap_action_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression
- `soap_action` (String) SOAPAction


<a id="nestedatt--ssl_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`


<a id="nestedatt--upload_chunked_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upload_chunked_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `upload_chunked` (Boolean) Chunk body of HTTP/1.1 requests
  - Default value: `false`
