---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_http_source_protocol_handler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An HTTP handler receives HTTP requests that are not over TLS and forwards them to the appropriate DataPower service. HTTP handlers conform to RFC 2616.
  CLI Alias: source-httpAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_http_source_protocol_handler (Resource)

An HTTP handler receives HTTP requests that are not over TLS and forwards them to the appropriate DataPower service. HTTP handlers conform to RFC 2616.
  - CLI Alias: `source-http`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_http_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestHTTPSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
  local_port    = 8088
  allowed_features = {
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_control_list:id`
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Specify whether to negotiate GZIP compression for client connections. When enabled and the <tt>Accept-Encoding</tt> HTTP header indicates that compressed documents can be processed, the service uses GZIP to compress HTTP transmissions. The <tt>Transfer-Encoding</tt> HTTP header indicates compression.
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `allow_web_socket_upgrade` (Boolean) Specify whether to allow WebSocket upgrade requests from clients. The default value is disabled. This request is to switch the existing connection to use the WebSocket protocol. WebSocket upgrade requests require that The handler allows GET methods.
  - CLI Alias: `websocket-upgrade`
  - Default value: `false`
  - Not Valid When: `http_version`=`HTTP/1.0`
- `allowed_features` (Attributes) Allowed methods and versions
  - CLI Alias: `allowed-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_features))
- `chunked_encoding` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable responses to use chunked transfer-encoding. By default, HTTP responses use <tt>Transfer-Encoding: chunked</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `chunked-encoding`
  - Default value: `true`
- `credential_charset` (String) Specify the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the authorization header of the request. The contents of the <tt>Authorization</tt> header are transcoded to UTF-8. The default value represents ISO-8859-1 Latin 1.
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `header_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum duration in milliseconds to allow for request headers processing. When the value is greater than 0, request header processing must complete before the duration elapses. Enter a value in the range 0 - 3600000, where a value of 0 disables the timer. The default value is 30000.
  - CLI Alias: `header-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`3600000`
  - Default value: `30000`
- `http2_idle_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle duration in milliseconds to allow before closing the HTTP/2 connection. Enter a value in the range 0 - 3600000, where a value of 0 disables the timer. The default value is 0.
  - CLI Alias: `http2-idle-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`3600000`
- `http2_max_frame_size` (Number) Specify the largest payload frame size that the client can send. Enter a value in the range 16384 - 16777215. The default value is 16384.
  - CLI Alias: `http2-max-frame`
  - Range: `16384`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `http2_max_streams` (Number) Specify the maximum number of concurrent streams that the client can have outstanding at the same time. Enter a value in the range 1 - 500. The default value is 100. <p>The limit applies to the number of streams that the client allows the target to create. The greater the number of streams in use, the more resources the client uses. Resources include memory and the network connections to the destination.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `http2-max-streams`
  - Range: `1`-`500`
  - Default value: `100`
- `http2_stream_header` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable the HTTP/2 stream identifier header in the request or response. When enabled, the HTTP/2 stream identifier is included in the <tt>X-DP-http2-stream</tt> header. With this header, you can correlate the HTTP/2 stream. The default behavior is disabled.
  - CLI Alias: `http2-stream-header`
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_version` (String) Specify the HTTP version for client connections. The default value is HTTP/1.1. For the HTTP/2 protocol, requests and responses are always HTTP/2. When HTTP/2, this setting is ignored.
  - CLI Alias: `http-client-version`
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `local_address` (String) Specify the IP address or host alias that the handler listens. The default value indicates that The handler listens on all IPv4 addresses.
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `80`
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Specify the maximum number of headers to allow in client requests. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-count`
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of a header name in bytes to allow in client requests. Each HTTP header is expressed as a name-value pair. This setting sets the maximum length of the name portion of a header. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-name-len`
- `max_persistent_connections_reuse` (Number) Specify the maximum number of times that a client can reuse a persistent connection. When this count is reached, an explicit <tt>HTTP Connection: close</tt> header is sent in the response, and the TCP connection is closed. The default value is 0, which means unlimited reuse.
  - CLI Alias: `max-persistent-reuse`
  - Not Valid When: `persistent_connections`=`false`
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of the query string to allow in client requests. The query string is the portion of the URL after the ? character. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
  - CLI Alias: `max-querystring-len`
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum aggregate length of HTTP headers in bytes to allow. Enter a value in the range 5 - 128000. The default value is 128000.
  - CLI Alias: `max-total-header-len`
  - Range: `5`-`128000`
  - Default value: `128000`
- `max_url_len` (Number) Specify the length in bytes of the longest incoming URL to accept. The length includes any query string or fragment identifier. Enter a value in the range 1 - 128000. The default value is 16384.
  - CLI Alias: `max-url-len`
  - Range: `1`-`128000`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Specify the maximum length of a header value in bytes to allow in client requests. Each HTTP header is expressed as a name-value pair. This setting sets the maximum length of the value portion of a header. The default value is 0, which indicates no limit.
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-value-len`
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Specify whether to negotiate persistent connections with clients. The HTTP/2 protocol controls persistent connections and reuse. Therefore, this setting is ignored for the HTTP/2 protocol.
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connections`
  - Default value: `true`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `web_socket_idle_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle time for client connections. This timer monitors the idle time in the data transfer process. When the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 0, which indicates that the timer is disabled.
  - CLI Alias: `websocket-idle-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Required When: (`allow_web_socket_upgrade`=`true` AND `http_version`!=`HTTP/1.0`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_features`

Optional:

- `cmd_exe` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains cmd.exe
  - Default value: `false`
- `connect` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `custom_methods` (Boolean) Allow requests with any other method, which supports protocol extensions
  - Default value: `false`
- `delete` (Boolean) Allow DELETE methods in requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains a ..
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_path` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL path contains a ..
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_query_string` (Boolean) Allow requests when the query string contains a ..
  - Default value: `false`
- `fragment_identifiers` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains a #
  - Default value: `true`
- `get` (Boolean) Allow GET methods in requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `head` (Boolean) Allow HEAD methods in requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_1d0` (Boolean) Support HTTP/1.0 requests
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) Support HTTP/1.1 requests
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_2d0` (Boolean) Support HTTP/2 requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `options` (Boolean) Allow OPTIONS methods in requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `patch` (Boolean) Allow PATCH methods in requests
  - Default value: `false`
- `post` (Boolean) Allow POST methods in requests
  - Default value: `true`
- `put` (Boolean) Allow PUT methods in requests
  - Default value: `true`
- `query_string` (Boolean) Allow requests when the URL contains a ?
  - Default value: `true`
- `trace` (Boolean) Allow TRACE methods in requests
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
