docs/resources/httpsourceprotocolhandler.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_httpsourceprotocolhandler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HTTP handler
  CLI Alias: source-http
---

# datapower_httpsourceprotocolhandler (Resource)

HTTP handler
  - CLI Alias: `source-http`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_httpsourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  id            = "HTTPSourceProtocolHandler_name"
  app_domain    = "acc_test_domain"
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
  local_port    = 80
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accesscontrollist:id`
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `allow_web_socket_upgrade` (Boolean) Allow WebSocket upgrade
  - CLI Alias: `websocket-upgrade`
  - Default value: `false`
- `allowed_features` (Attributes) Allowed methods and versions
  - CLI Alias: `allowed-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_features))
- `chunked_encoding` (Boolean) Enable chunked encoding responses
  - CLI Alias: `chunked-encoding`
  - Default value: `true`
- `credential_charset` (String) Credential character set
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
- `header_timeout` (Number) Request headers processing timeout
  - CLI Alias: `header-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`3600000`
  - Default value: `30000`
- `http2_idle_timeout` (Number) HTTP/2 idle timeout
  - CLI Alias: `http2-idle-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`3600000`
- `http2_max_frame_size` (Number) HTTP/2 max frame size
  - CLI Alias: `http2-max-frame`
  - Range: `16384`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `http2_max_streams` (Number) HTTP/2 maximum streams
  - CLI Alias: `http2-max-streams`
  - Range: `1`-`500`
  - Default value: `100`
- `http2_stream_header` (Boolean) Enable HTTP/2 stream header
  - CLI Alias: `http2-stream-header`
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_version` (String) HTTP version to client
  - CLI Alias: `http-client-version`
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `local_address` (String) Local IP address
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `80`
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Maximum request headers
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-count`
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header name length
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-name-len`
- `max_persistent_connections_reuse` (Number) Maximum persistent reuse
  - CLI Alias: `max-persistent-reuse`
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Maximum query string length
  - CLI Alias: `max-querystring-len`
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum total header length
  - CLI Alias: `max-total-header-len`
  - Range: `5`-`128000`
  - Default value: `128000`
- `max_url_len` (Number) Maximum URL length
  - CLI Alias: `max-url-len`
  - Range: `1`-`128000`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header value length
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-value-len`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Negotiate persistent connections
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connections`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `web_socket_idle_timeout` (Number) WebSocket idle timeout
  - CLI Alias: `websocket-idle-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_features`

Optional:

- `cmd_exe` (Boolean) URL with cmd.exe
  - Default value: `false`
- `connect` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `custom_methods` (Boolean) Custom methods
  - Default value: `false`
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot` (Boolean) URL with ..
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_path` (Boolean) URL with .. in path
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_query_string` (Boolean) URL with .. after ?
  - Default value: `false`
- `fragment_identifiers` (Boolean) URL with #
  - Default value: `true`
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
  - Default value: `false`
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP/1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP/1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_2d0` (Boolean) HTTP/2
  - Default value: `false`
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS
  - Default value: `false`
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
  - Default value: `false`
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
  - Default value: `true`
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
  - Default value: `true`
- `query_string` (Boolean) URL with ?
  - Default value: `true`
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/httpsourceprotocolhandler.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_httpsourceprotocolhandler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HTTP handler
  CLI Alias: source-httpAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_httpsourceprotocolhandler (Resource)

HTTP handler
  - CLI Alias: `source-http`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_httpsourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  id            = "HTTPSourceProtocolHandler_name"
  app_domain    = "acc_test_domain"
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
  local_port    = 80
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accesscontrollist:id`
- `allow_compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `allow_web_socket_upgrade` (Boolean) Allow WebSocket upgrade
  - CLI Alias: `websocket-upgrade`
  - Default value: `false`
- `allowed_features` (Attributes) Allowed methods and versions
  - CLI Alias: `allowed-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_features))
- `chunked_encoding` (Boolean) Enable chunked encoding responses
  - CLI Alias: `chunked-encoding`
  - Default value: `true`
- `credential_charset` (String) Credential character set
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `header_timeout` (Number) Request headers processing timeout
  - CLI Alias: `header-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`3600000`
  - Default value: `30000`
- `http2_idle_timeout` (Number) HTTP/2 idle timeout
  - CLI Alias: `http2-idle-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`3600000`
- `http2_max_frame_size` (Number) HTTP/2 max frame size
  - CLI Alias: `http2-max-frame`
  - Range: `16384`-`16777215`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `http2_max_streams` (Number) HTTP/2 maximum streams
  - CLI Alias: `http2-max-streams`
  - Range: `1`-`500`
  - Default value: `100`
- `http2_stream_header` (Boolean) Enable HTTP/2 stream header
  - CLI Alias: `http2-stream-header`
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_version` (String) HTTP version to client
  - CLI Alias: `http-client-version`
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `local_address` (String) Local IP address
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `80`
- `max_hdr_count` (Number) Maximum request headers
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-count`
- `max_name_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header name length
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-name-len`
- `max_persistent_connections_reuse` (Number) Maximum persistent reuse
  - CLI Alias: `max-persistent-reuse`
- `max_query_string_len` (Number) Maximum query string length
  - CLI Alias: `max-querystring-len`
- `max_total_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum total header length
  - CLI Alias: `max-total-header-len`
  - Range: `5`-`128000`
  - Default value: `128000`
- `max_url_len` (Number) Maximum URL length
  - CLI Alias: `max-url-len`
  - Range: `1`-`128000`
  - Default value: `16384`
- `max_value_hdr_len` (Number) Maximum header value length
  - CLI Alias: `max-header-value-len`
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Negotiate persistent connections
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connections`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `web_socket_idle_timeout` (Number) WebSocket idle timeout
  - CLI Alias: `websocket-idle-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_features`

Optional:

- `cmd_exe` (Boolean) URL with cmd.exe
  - Default value: `false`
- `connect` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`
- `custom_methods` (Boolean) Custom methods
  - Default value: `false`
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot` (Boolean) URL with ..
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_path` (Boolean) URL with .. in path
  - Default value: `false`
- `dot_dot_in_query_string` (Boolean) URL with .. after ?
  - Default value: `false`
- `fragment_identifiers` (Boolean) URL with #
  - Default value: `true`
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
  - Default value: `false`
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP/1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP/1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_2d0` (Boolean) HTTP/2
  - Default value: `false`
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS
  - Default value: `false`
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
  - Default value: `false`
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
  - Default value: `true`
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
  - Default value: `true`
- `query_string` (Boolean) URL with ?
  - Default value: `true`
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
