docs/resources/importpackage.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_importpackage Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Import configuration file
  CLI Alias: import-package
---

# datapower_importpackage (Resource)

Import configuration file
  - CLI Alias: `import-package`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_importpackage" "test" {
  id                = "ImportPackage_name"
  app_domain        = "acc_test_domain"
  url               = "http://localhost/config.zip"
  import_format     = "ZIP"
  overwrite_files   = true
  overwrite_objects = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url` (String) URL
  - CLI Alias: `source-url`

### Optional

- `deployment_policy` (String) Deployment policy
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_configdeploymentpolicy:id`
- `deployment_policy_parameters` (String) Deployment policy variables
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy-variables`
  - Reference to: `datapower_deploymentpolicyparametersbinding:id`
- `destination_domain` (String) Destination domain
  - CLI Alias: `destination-domain`
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`
- `import_format` (String) Format
  - CLI Alias: `import-format`
  - Choices: `ZIP`, `XML`
  - Default value: `ZIP`
- `local_ip_rewrite` (Boolean) Local IP rewrite
  - CLI Alias: `local-ip-rewrite`
  - Default value: `true`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `on_startup` (Boolean) Import on startup
  - CLI Alias: `auto-execute`
  - Default value: `true`
- `overwrite_files` (Boolean) Overwrite files
  - CLI Alias: `overwrite-files`
  - Default value: `true`
- `overwrite_objects` (Boolean) Overwrite objects
  - CLI Alias: `overwrite-objects`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/importpackage.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_importpackage Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Import configuration file
  CLI Alias: import-package
---

# datapower_importpackage (Resource)

Import configuration file
  - CLI Alias: `import-package`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_importpackage" "test" {
  id                = "ImportPackage_name"
  app_domain        = "acc_test_domain"
  url               = "http://localhost/config.zip"
  import_format     = "ZIP"
  overwrite_files   = true
  overwrite_objects = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url` (String) URL
  - CLI Alias: `source-url`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `deployment_policy` (String) Deployment policy
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_configdeploymentpolicy:id`
- `deployment_policy_parameters` (String) Deployment policy variables
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy-variables`
  - Reference to: `datapower_deploymentpolicyparametersbinding:id`
- `destination_domain` (String) Destination domain
  - CLI Alias: `destination-domain`
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`
- `import_format` (String) Format
  - CLI Alias: `import-format`
  - Choices: `ZIP`, `XML`
  - Default value: `ZIP`
- `local_ip_rewrite` (Boolean) Local IP rewrite
  - CLI Alias: `local-ip-rewrite`
  - Default value: `true`
- `on_startup` (Boolean) Import on startup
  - CLI Alias: `auto-execute`
  - Default value: `true`
- `overwrite_files` (Boolean) Overwrite files
  - CLI Alias: `overwrite-files`
  - Default value: `true`
- `overwrite_objects` (Boolean) Overwrite objects
  - CLI Alias: `overwrite-objects`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
