---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_import_package Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An import package allows the system to import a configuration package from an external server, such as a centralized configuration server, when the configuration is reloaded (such as during a restart). This package can optionally overwrite existing files or objects. An import package specifies a source, content type, and import parameters for a single bundle.
  CLI Alias: import-package
---

# datapower_import_package (Resource)

An import package allows the system to import a configuration package from an external server, such as a centralized configuration server, when the configuration is reloaded (such as during a restart). This package can optionally overwrite existing files or objects. <p>An import package specifies a source, content type, and import parameters for a single bundle.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `import-package`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_import_package" "test" {
  id                = "ResTestImportPackage"
  app_domain        = "acceptance_test"
  url               = "http://localhost/config.zip"
  import_format     = "ZIP"
  overwrite_files   = true
  overwrite_objects = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url` (String) Specify the URL of the import package. The tool does not support SCP and SFTP protocols. All other URL protocols are available; for example, HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP.
  - CLI Alias: `source-url`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `deployment_policy` (String) Deployment policy
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_config_deployment_policy:id`
- `deployment_policy_parameters` (String) Deployment policy variables
  - CLI Alias: `deployment-policy-variables`
  - Reference to: `datapower_deployment_policy_parameters_binding:id`
- `destination_domain` (String) Destination domain
  - CLI Alias: `destination-domain`
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`
- `import_format` (String) Specify the format of the import package. The default value is ZIP.
  - CLI Alias: `import-format`
  - Choices: `ZIP`, `XML`
  - Default value: `ZIP`
- `local_ip_rewrite` (Boolean) Specify whether to rewrite local IP addresses on import. When enabled, local IP addresses in the import package are rewritten to match the local configuration on import. In other words, a service bound to eth1 in the import package are rewritten to bind to eth1 on the local system on import. The default behavior is to rewrite IP addresses.
  - CLI Alias: `local-ip-rewrite`
  - Default value: `true`
- `on_startup` (Boolean) Specify whether to import the import package on startup. The default behavior is to import on startup. <ul><li>When enabled, the import package is imported at startup. The configuration is marked external and cannot be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-always'.</li><li>When disabled, the import must be started manually. The configuration is not marked external and can be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-once'.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `auto-execute`
  - Default value: `true`
- `overwrite_files` (Boolean) Specify whether to overwrite existing files. When enabled, files in the package overwrite any file of the same path and name that already exist. The default behavior is to overwrite files.
  - CLI Alias: `overwrite-files`
  - Default value: `true`
- `overwrite_objects` (Boolean) Specify whether to overwrite existing objects. When enabled, objects in the package overwrite any object of the same class and name that already exist. The default behavior is to overwrite objects.
  - CLI Alias: `overwrite-objects`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
