---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_include_config Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An include configuration file defines external configuration data to process on startup. The included configuration files can reside locally or on a remote host.
  CLI Alias: include-config
---

# datapower_include_config (Resource)

An include configuration file defines external configuration data to process on startup. The included configuration files can reside locally or on a remote host.
  - CLI Alias: `include-config`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_include_config" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestIncludeConfig"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  url        = "http://localhost/config.zip"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url` (String) Specify the URL of the configuration file. The file must be a configuration file of type <tt>.cfg</tt> . The URL takes the form 'protocol://username:password@host/path' when a username and password are needed to retrieve the file.
  - CLI Alias: `config-url`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `interface_detection` (Boolean) Specify whether to wait for the associated IP interface to be operational. This setting only affects configuration files from remote servers. When enabled, remote files are processed asynchronously after the associated IP interface is operational.
  - CLI Alias: `interface-detection`
  - Default value: `false`
  - Required When: `on_startup`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `on_startup` (Boolean) Specify whether to import the configuration file on startup. The default behavior is to import on startup. <ul><li>When enabled, the configuration file is imported at startup. The configuration is marked external and cannot be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-always'.</li><li>When disabled, the import must be started manually. The configuration is not marked external and can be saved locally. This setting is equivalent to 'import-once'.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `auto-execute`
  - Default value: `true`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
