---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_interop_service Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure and use the interoperability test service to test stylesheets or maps. The service is available over HTTP or HTTPS and is disabled by default.
  CLI Alias: iop-mgmt
---

# datapower_interop_service (Resource)

Configure and use the interoperability test service to test stylesheets or maps. The service is available over HTTP or HTTPS and is disabled by default.
  - CLI Alias: `iop-mgmt`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_interop_service" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `aaa_policy` (String) AAA policy
  - CLI Alias: `aaa-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaa_policy:id`
- `acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `http-acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_control_list:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_service` (Boolean) Enable over HTTP
  - CLI Alias: `http-service`
  - Default value: `true`
- `https_acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `https-acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_control_list:id`
- `https_local_address` (String) Specify the IP address or host alias that the service listens. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which indicates that the service is active on all addresses.
  - CLI Alias: `https-ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
  - Required When: `https_service`=`true`
- `https_local_port` (Number) Local port
  - CLI Alias: `https-port`
  - Range: `1000`-`61000`
  - Default value: `9991`
  - Required When: `https_service`=`true`
- `https_service` (Boolean) Enable over HTTPS
  - CLI Alias: `https-service`
  - Default value: `false`
- `local_address` (String) Specify the IP address or host alias that the service listens. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which indicates that the service is active on all addresses.
  - CLI Alias: `http-ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
  - Required When: `http_service`=`true`
- `local_port` (Number) Local port
  - CLI Alias: `http-port`
  - Range: `1000`-`61000`
  - Default value: `9990`
  - Required When: `http_service`=`true`
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
  - Required When: (`https_service`=`true` AND `ssl_server_config_type`=`server`)
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) TLS server type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
  - Required When: `https_service`=`true`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Required When: (`https_service`=`true` AND `ssl_server_config_type`=`sni`)
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) XML manager
  - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xml_manager:id`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
