---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_joserecipientidentifier Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JOSE Recipient Identifier object for the JSON Web Decrypt.
  CLI Alias: jose-recipient-identifier
---

# datapower_joserecipientidentifier (Resource)

JOSE Recipient Identifier object for the JSON Web Decrypt.
  - CLI Alias: `jose-recipient-identifier`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_joserecipientidentifier" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestJOSERecipientIdentifier"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  type       = "key"
  key        = "AccTest_CryptoKey"
  header_param = [{
    header_value = "VALUE"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `header_param` (Attributes List) The JOSE header parameters used to identify the recipient.
  - CLI Alias: `header-param` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_param))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `key` (String) Use the private key to verify the recipient.
  - CLI Alias: `key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokey:id`
- `ss_key` (String) Use the shared secret key to verify the recipient.
  - CLI Alias: `sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `type` (String) Key material type used to verify the recipient.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `key`, `sskey`
- `user_summary` (String) Brief summary for user annotation.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--header_param"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_param`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
