---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jose_signature_identifier Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JOSE Signature Identifier object for the JSON Web Verify.
  CLI Alias: jose-signature-identifier
---

# datapower_jose_signature_identifier (Resource)

JOSE Signature Identifier object for the JSON Web Verify.
  - CLI Alias: `jose-signature-identifier`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_jose_signature_identifier" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestJOSESignatureIdentifier"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  type        = "certificate"
  certificate = "AccTest_CryptoCertificate"
  header_param = [{
    header_value = "VALUE"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `header_param` (Attributes List) The JOSE header parameters used to identify the signature.
  - CLI Alias: `header-param` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_param))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `certificate` (String) Use the certificate to verify the signature.
  - CLI Alias: `cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_certificate:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `ss_key` (String) Use the shared secret key to verify the signature.
  - CLI Alias: `sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_sskey:id`
- `type` (String) Key material type used to verify the signature.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `certificate`, `sskey`
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `valid_algorithms` (List of String) Specifies an array of algorithm values that are valid for signature verification. When specified, the JWS <tt>alg</tt> header parameter value must match a value in this set. By default, all allowed JWS <tt>alg</tt> header parameters values are valid.
  - CLI Alias: `alg`
  - Choices: `HS256`, `HS384`, `HS512`, `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`, `ES256`, `ES384`, `ES512`, `PS256`, `PS384`, `PS512`

<a id="nestedatt--header_param"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_param`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
