---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jsonsettings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The JSON settings specify constraints for parsing JSON messages. JSON settings work in conjunction with the parser limits in the XML manager. The more restrictive limits apply.
  CLI Alias: json-settings
---

# datapower_jsonsettings (Resource)

The JSON settings specify constraints for parsing JSON messages. JSON settings work in conjunction with the parser limits in the XML manager. The more restrictive limits apply.
  - CLI Alias: `json-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_jsonsettings" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestJSONSettings"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `json_document_size` (Number) Specify the maximum document size in bytes for the body of the JSON message. If the message is converted to JSONx, the maximum document size specifies the size before the conversion to JSONx. <b>Note:</b> The document size of the JSON message and the size of the JSONx equivalent might differ. Enter a value in the range 4194304 - 5368709121. The default value is 4194304.
  - CLI Alias: `max-document-size`
  - Range: `4194304`-`5368709121`
  - Default value: `4194304`
- `json_max_label_length` (Number) Specify the maximum length in bytes of the label portion of label-value pair. The length includes any white space between quotation marks. Enter a value in the range 256 - 8192. The default value is 256.
  - CLI Alias: `max-label-string-length`
  - Range: `256`-`8192`
  - Default value: `256`
- `json_max_nesting_depth` (Number) Specify the maximum nesting depth in levels of label-value pairs. Enter a value in the range 64 - 256. The default value is 64.
  - CLI Alias: `max-nesting-depth`
  - Range: `64`-`256`
  - Default value: `64`
- `json_max_number_length` (Number) Specify the maximum number in bytes for number values of label-value pairs. The number must be a contiguous string of bytes that contain no white space. The number can include a minus sign and a positive or negative exponent. Enter a value in the range 128 - 256. The default value is 128.
  - CLI Alias: `max-number-length`
  - Range: `128`-`256`
  - Default value: `128`
- `json_max_value_length` (Number) Specify the maximum number in bytes for string values of label-value pairs. The length includes any white space between quotation marks. Enter a value in the range 8192 - 5368709121. The default value is 8192.
  - CLI Alias: `max-value-string-length`
  - Range: `8192`-`5368709121`
  - Default value: `8192`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
