---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jwe_recipient Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWE recipient object includes several values required by the JWE JSON Serialization object.
  CLI Alias: jwe-recipient
---

# datapower_jwe_recipient (Resource)

JWE recipient object includes several values required by the JWE JSON Serialization object.
  - CLI Alias: `jwe-recipient`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_jwe_recipient" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestJWERecipient"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  algorithm   = "RSA1_5"
  certificate = "TestAcc_CryptoCertificate"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `algorithm` (String) JWE key management algorithm for the JWE recipient.
  - CLI Alias: `alg`
  - Choices: `RSA1_5`, `RSA-OAEP`, `RSA-OAEP-256`, `A128KW`, `A192KW`, `A256KW`, `dir`
  - Default value: `RSA1_5`
- `certificate` (String) Certificate.
  - CLI Alias: `cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_certificate:id`
  - Required When: `algorithm`=`RSA1_5`|`RSA-OAEP`|`RSA-OAEP-256`
  - Not Valid When: `algorithm`!=`RSA1_5`|`RSA-OAEP`|`RSA-OAEP-256`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `sskey` (String) Shared secret key.
  - CLI Alias: `sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_sskey:id`
  - Required When: `algorithm`=`A128KW`|`A192KW`|`A256KW`|`dir`
  - Not Valid When: `algorithm`!=`A128KW`|`A192KW`|`A256KW`|`dir`
- `unprotected_header` (Attributes List) Unprotected header for the JWE recipient.
  - CLI Alias: `unprotected-header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unprotected_header))
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--unprotected_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unprotected_header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.
