docs/resources/jwerecipient.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jwerecipient Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWE Recipient
  CLI Alias: jwe-recipient
---

# datapower_jwerecipient (Resource)

JWE Recipient
  - CLI Alias: `jwe-recipient`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_jwerecipient" "test" {
  id         = "JWERecipient_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  algorithm  = "RSA1_5"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `alg`
  - Choices: `RSA1_5`, `RSA-OAEP`, `RSA-OAEP-256`, `A128KW`, `A192KW`, `A256KW`, `dir`
  - Default value: `RSA1_5`
- `certificate` (String) Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `ss_key` (String) Shared Secret Key
  - CLI Alias: `sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `unprotected_header` (Attributes List) Unprotected Header
  - CLI Alias: `unprotected-header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unprotected_header))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--unprotected_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unprotected_header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/jwerecipient.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jwerecipient Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWE Recipient
  CLI Alias: jwe-recipient
---

# datapower_jwerecipient (Resource)

JWE Recipient
  - CLI Alias: `jwe-recipient`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_jwerecipient" "test" {
  id         = "JWERecipient_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  algorithm  = "RSA1_5"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm
  - CLI Alias: `alg`
  - Choices: `RSA1_5`, `RSA-OAEP`, `RSA-OAEP-256`, `A128KW`, `A192KW`, `A256KW`, `dir`
  - Default value: `RSA1_5`
- `certificate` (String) Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `ss_key` (String) Shared Secret Key
  - CLI Alias: `sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `unprotected_header` (Attributes List) Unprotected Header
  - CLI Alias: `unprotected-header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unprotected_header))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--unprotected_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unprotected_header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name
