---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_jws_signature Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  JWS signature object.
  CLI Alias: jws-signature
---

# datapower_jws_signature (Resource)

JWS signature object.
  - CLI Alias: `jws-signature`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_jws_signature" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestJWSSignature"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  algorithm  = "RS256"
  key        = "AccTest_CryptoKey"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm.
  - CLI Alias: `alg`
  - Choices: `HS256`, `HS384`, `HS512`, `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`, `ES256`, `ES384`, `ES512`, `PS256`, `PS384`, `PS512`
  - Default value: `RS256`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `key` (String) Private key.
  - CLI Alias: `key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_key:id`
  - Required When: `algorithm`=`RS256`|`RS384`|`RS512`|`PS256`|`PS384`|`PS512`|`ES256`|`ES384`|`ES512`
- `protected_header` (Attributes List) Add a protected header to the JWS Sign action.
  - CLI Alias: `protected-header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protected_header))
- `ss_key` (String) Shared secret key.
  - CLI Alias: `sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_sskey:id`
  - Required When: `algorithm`=`HS256`|`HS384`|`HS512`
- `unprotected_header` (Attributes List) Add an unprotected header to the JWS Sign action.
  - CLI Alias: `unprotected-header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unprotected_header))
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--protected_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protected_header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.


<a id="nestedatt--unprotected_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unprotected_header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value of a JOSE header. If Name is 'crit', the value can be a comma separated list to have more than one value set to 'crit'. Other headers' values only accept string.

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name of a JOSE header.
