docs/resources/kafkacluster.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_kafkacluster Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kafka Cluster
  CLI Alias: kafka-cluster
---

# datapower_kafkacluster (Resource)

Kafka Cluster
  - CLI Alias: `kafka-cluster`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_kafkacluster" "test" {
  id         = "KafkaCluster_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  protocol   = "plaintext"
  endpoint = [{
    host = "localhost"
    port = 8888
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) Endpoints
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Automatic retry
  - CLI Alias: `auto-retry`
  - Default value: `true`
- `autocommit` (Boolean) Autocommit
  - CLI Alias: `autocommit`
  - Default value: `true`
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Max message size
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-message-size`
  - Range: `0`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Memory threshold
  - CLI Alias: `memory-threshold`
  - Range: `10485760`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `268435456`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `property` (Attributes List) Properties
  - CLI Alias: `property` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--property))
- `protocol` (String) Protocol
  - CLI Alias: `protocol`
  - Choices: `plaintext`, `ssl`, `sasl_plaintext`, `sasl_ssl`
  - Default value: `plaintext`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `sasl_mechanism` (String) SASL mechanism
  - CLI Alias: `sasl-mechanism`
  - Choices: `plain`, `scram-sha-256`, `scram-sha-512`
  - Default value: `plain`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `user_name` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `username`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host
- `port` (Number) Port


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--property"></a>
### Nested Schema for `property`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name
- `value` (String) Value

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/kafkacluster.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_kafkacluster Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kafka Cluster
  CLI Alias: kafka-cluster
---

# datapower_kafkacluster (Resource)

Kafka Cluster
  - CLI Alias: `kafka-cluster`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_kafkacluster" "test" {
  id         = "KafkaCluster_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  protocol   = "plaintext"
  endpoint = [{
    host = "localhost"
    port = 8888
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) Endpoints
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Automatic retry
  - CLI Alias: `auto-retry`
  - Default value: `true`
- `autocommit` (Boolean) Autocommit
  - CLI Alias: `autocommit`
  - Default value: `true`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Max message size
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-message-size`
  - Range: `0`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Memory threshold
  - CLI Alias: `memory-threshold`
  - Range: `10485760`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `268435456`
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `property` (Attributes List) Properties
  - CLI Alias: `property` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--property))
- `protocol` (String) Protocol
  - CLI Alias: `protocol`
  - Choices: `plaintext`, `ssl`, `sasl_plaintext`, `sasl_ssl`
  - Default value: `plaintext`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `10`
- `sasl_mechanism` (String) SASL mechanism
  - CLI Alias: `sasl-mechanism`
  - Choices: `plain`, `scram-sha-256`, `scram-sha-512`
  - Default value: `plain`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `user_name` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `username`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host
- `port` (Number) Port


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--property"></a>
### Nested Schema for `property`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name
- `value` (String) Value
