---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_kafkasourceprotocolhandler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Kafka handler monitors the request topic for incoming client requests.
  CLI Alias: source-kafkaAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_kafkasourceprotocolhandler (Resource)

A Kafka handler monitors the request topic for incoming client requests.
  - CLI Alias: `source-kafka`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_kafkasourceprotocolhandler" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestKafkaSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  cluster        = "AccTest_KafkaCluster"
  request_topic  = "topic"
  consumer_group = "consumer"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `cluster` (String) Kafka cluster
  - CLI Alias: `cluster`
  - Reference to: `datapower_kafkacluster:id`
- `consumer_group` (String) Consumer group
  - CLI Alias: `consumer-group`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `request_topic` (String) Specify the name of the request topic to monitor for incoming client requests. On receipt, the handler forwards the extracted message to the DataPower service for processing.
  - CLI Alias: `request-topic`

### Optional

- `batch_size` (Number) Specify the number of messages to retrieve and process as a batch. The handler attempts to retrieve the number of specified messages from the consumer and processes these messages as a batch. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 1.
  - CLI Alias: `batch-size`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `response_topic` (String) Specify the name of the response topic to send responses after processing by the DataPower service. When the Kafka server does not expect responses, leave blank. When blank, responses are dropped.
  - CLI Alias: `response-topic`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
