---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ldapconnectionpool Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The LDAP connection pool settings specify the pool of LDAP servers to use.
  CLI Alias: ldap-connection-pool
---

# datapower_ldapconnectionpool (Resource)

The LDAP connection pool settings specify the pool of LDAP servers to use.
  - CLI Alias: `ldap-connection-pool`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ldapconnectionpool" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestLDAPConnectionPool"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds that an LDAP connection can remain idle before the connection is removed from the pool. Enter a value in the range 1-86400. The default value is 120.
  - CLI Alias: `idle-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `120`
- `max_pool_size` (Number) Specify the maximum number of LDAP connections that can exist for a server:port:BindDN combination in an LDAP connection pool. Enter a value in the range 1-2000. The default value is 35.
  - CLI Alias: `max-pool-size`
  - Range: `1`-`2000`
  - Default value: `35`
- `reject_on_pool_limit` (Boolean) Specify whether to reject an incoming LDAP connection when the LDAP connection pool reaches the maximum pool size for a server:port:BindDN combination.
  - CLI Alias: `reject-on-pool-limit`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
