docs/resources/logtarget.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_logtarget Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Log Target
  CLI Alias: logging target
---

# datapower_logtarget (Resource)

Log Target
  - CLI Alias: `logging target`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_logtarget" "test" {
  id         = "___LogTarget_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  type       = "file"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `active_timeout` (Number) Active timeout
  - CLI Alias: `active-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`60`
  - Default value: `0`
- `archive_mode` (String) Archive mode
  - CLI Alias: `archive-mode`
  - Choices: `rotate`, `upload`
  - Default value: `rotate`
- `backup` (String) Backup log
  - CLI Alias: `backup`
  - Reference to: `datapower_logtarget:id`
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Connect timeout
  - CLI Alias: `connect-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`90`
  - Default value: `60`
- `email_address` (String) Recipient email address
  - CLI Alias: `email-address`
- `event_buffer_size` (String) Buffer size
  - CLI Alias: `buffer-size`
  - Choices: `2048`, `16384`, `65536`, `131072`, `262144`, `524288`, `1048576`, `2097152`, `4194304`, `8388608`
  - Default value: `2048`
- `feedback_detection` (Boolean) Feedback detection
  - CLI Alias: `feedback-detection`
  - Default value: `false`
- `fixed_format` (Boolean) Fixed format
  - CLI Alias: `fixed-format`
  - Default value: `false`
- `format` (String) Log format
  - CLI Alias: `format`
  - Choices: `text`, `raw`, `xml`, `json-icp`, `cbe`, `csv`, `audit`, `diag`
  - Default value: `xml`
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Idle timeout
  - CLI Alias: `idle-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `15`
- `local_address` (String) Local address
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
- `local_file` (String) File name
  - CLI Alias: `local-file`
- `local_identifier` (String) Local identifier
  - CLI Alias: `local-ident`
- `log_event_code` (List of String) Event subscription filter
  - CLI Alias: `event-code`
- `log_event_filter` (List of String) Event suppression filter
  - CLI Alias: `event-filter`
- `log_events` (Attributes List) Event subscriptions
  - CLI Alias: `event` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_events))
- `log_ip_filter` (Attributes List) IP address filters
  - CLI Alias: `ip-filter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_ip_filter))
- `log_objects` (Attributes List) Object filters
  - CLI Alias: `object` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_objects))
- `log_precision` (String) Log timestamp precision
  - CLI Alias: `precision`
  - Choices: `second`, `microsecond`
  - Default value: `second`
- `log_triggers` (Attributes List) Event triggers
  - CLI Alias: `trigger` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_triggers))
- `long_retry_interval` (Number) Long retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `long-retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `20`
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum connections
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-connections`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `1`
- `nfs_file` (String) NFS file path
  - CLI Alias: `nfs-file`
- `nfs_mount` (String) NFS static mount
  - CLI Alias: `nfs-static-mount`
  - Reference to: `datapower_nfsstaticmount:id`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `priority` (String) Logging priority
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `rate_limit` (Number) Rate limit
  - CLI Alias: `rate-limit`
  - Range: `0`-`1000`
  - Default value: `100`
- `remote_address` (String) Remote address
  - CLI Alias: `remote-address`
- `remote_directory` (String) Remote directory
  - CLI Alias: `remote-directory`
- `remote_login` (String) Remote login
  - CLI Alias: `remote-login`
- `remote_password` (String) Remote password
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote port
  - CLI Alias: `remote-port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `retry_attempts` (Number) Retry attempts
  - CLI Alias: `retry-attempts`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `1`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `1`
- `rotate` (Number) Number of rotations
  - CLI Alias: `rotate`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `3`
- `sender_address` (String) Sender email address
  - CLI Alias: `sender-address`
- `size` (Number) Log size
  - CLI Alias: `size`
  - Range: `100`-`50000`
  - Default value: `500`
- `smtp_domain` (String) SMTP client domain
  - CLI Alias: `smtp-domain`
- `soap_version` (String) SOAP version
  - CLI Alias: `soap-version`
  - Choices: `soap11`, `soap12`
  - Default value: `soap11`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `ssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `syslog_facility` (String) syslog facility
  - CLI Alias: `facility`
  - Choices: `user`, `security`, `authpriv`, `local0`, `local1`, `local2`, `local3`, `local4`, `local5`, `local6`, `local7`
  - Default value: `user`
- `timestamp_format` (String) Timestamp format
  - CLI Alias: `timestamp`
  - Choices: `syslog`, `numeric`, `zulu`
  - Default value: `zulu`
- `type` (String) Target type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `console`, `cache`, `syslog`, `syslog-tcp`, `smtp`, `file`, `soap`, `snmp`, `nfs`
  - Default value: `file`
- `upload_method` (String) Upload protocol
  - CLI Alias: `upload-method`
  - Choices: `ftp`, `scp`, `sftp`, `smtp`
  - Default value: `ftp`
- `url` (String) URL
  - CLI Alias: `url`
- `use_ansi_color` (Boolean) Use ANSI color scheme
  - CLI Alias: `ansi-color`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--log_events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_events`

Optional:

- `class` (String) Event category
  - Reference to: `datapower_loglabel:id`
- `priority` (String) Minimum event priority
  - Choices: `emerg`, `alert`, `critic`, `error`, `warn`, `notice`, `info`, `debug`
  - Default value: `notice`


<a id="nestedatt--log_ip_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_ip_filter`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address


<a id="nestedatt--log_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_objects`

Optional:

- `class` (String) Object type
- `follow_references` (Boolean) Add referenced objects
  - Default value: `false`
- `object` (String) Object name


<a id="nestedatt--log_triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_triggers`

Optional:

- `command` (String) Command
- `expression` (String) Regular expression
- `message_id` (String) Message ID
- `only_once` (Boolean) Only one time
  - Default value: `true`
- `stop_processing` (Boolean) Only this trigger
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/logtarget.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_logtarget Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Log Target
  CLI Alias: logging target
---

# datapower_logtarget (Resource)

Log Target
  - CLI Alias: `logging target`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_logtarget" "test" {
  id         = "___LogTarget_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  type       = "file"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `active_timeout` (Number) Active timeout
  - CLI Alias: `active-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`60`
  - Default value: `0`
- `archive_mode` (String) Archive mode
  - CLI Alias: `archive-mode`
  - Choices: `rotate`, `upload`
  - Default value: `rotate`
- `backup` (String) Backup log
  - CLI Alias: `backup`
  - Reference to: `datapower_logtarget:id`
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Connect timeout
  - CLI Alias: `connect-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`90`
  - Default value: `60`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `email_address` (String) Recipient email address
  - CLI Alias: `email-address`
- `event_buffer_size` (String) Buffer size
  - CLI Alias: `buffer-size`
  - Choices: `2048`, `16384`, `65536`, `131072`, `262144`, `524288`, `1048576`, `2097152`, `4194304`, `8388608`
  - Default value: `2048`
- `feedback_detection` (Boolean) Feedback detection
  - CLI Alias: `feedback-detection`
  - Default value: `false`
- `fixed_format` (Boolean) Fixed format
  - CLI Alias: `fixed-format`
  - Default value: `false`
- `format` (String) Log format
  - CLI Alias: `format`
  - Choices: `text`, `raw`, `xml`, `json-icp`, `cbe`, `csv`, `audit`, `diag`
  - Default value: `xml`
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Idle timeout
  - CLI Alias: `idle-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `15`
- `local_address` (String) Local address
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
- `local_file` (String) File name
  - CLI Alias: `local-file`
- `local_identifier` (String) Local identifier
  - CLI Alias: `local-ident`
- `log_event_code` (List of String) Event subscription filter
  - CLI Alias: `event-code`
- `log_event_filter` (List of String) Event suppression filter
  - CLI Alias: `event-filter`
- `log_events` (Attributes List) Event subscriptions
  - CLI Alias: `event` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_events))
- `log_ip_filter` (Attributes List) IP address filters
  - CLI Alias: `ip-filter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_ip_filter))
- `log_objects` (Attributes List) Object filters
  - CLI Alias: `object` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_objects))
- `log_precision` (String) Log timestamp precision
  - CLI Alias: `precision`
  - Choices: `second`, `microsecond`
  - Default value: `second`
- `log_triggers` (Attributes List) Event triggers
  - CLI Alias: `trigger` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_triggers))
- `long_retry_interval` (Number) Long retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `long-retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `20`
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum connections
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-connections`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `1`
- `nfs_file` (String) NFS file path
  - CLI Alias: `nfs-file`
- `nfs_mount` (String) NFS static mount
  - CLI Alias: `nfs-static-mount`
  - Reference to: `datapower_nfsstaticmount:id`
- `priority` (String) Logging priority
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `rate_limit` (Number) Rate limit
  - CLI Alias: `rate-limit`
  - Range: `0`-`1000`
  - Default value: `100`
- `remote_address` (String) Remote address
  - CLI Alias: `remote-address`
- `remote_directory` (String) Remote directory
  - CLI Alias: `remote-directory`
- `remote_login` (String) Remote login
  - CLI Alias: `remote-login`
- `remote_password` (String) Remote password
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote port
  - CLI Alias: `remote-port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `retry_attempts` (Number) Retry attempts
  - CLI Alias: `retry-attempts`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `1`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `1`
- `rotate` (Number) Number of rotations
  - CLI Alias: `rotate`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `3`
- `sender_address` (String) Sender email address
  - CLI Alias: `sender-address`
- `size` (Number) Log size
  - CLI Alias: `size`
  - Range: `100`-`50000`
  - Default value: `500`
- `smtp_domain` (String) SMTP client domain
  - CLI Alias: `smtp-domain`
- `soap_version` (String) SOAP version
  - CLI Alias: `soap-version`
  - Choices: `soap11`, `soap12`
  - Default value: `soap11`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `ssl_client_profile` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `syslog_facility` (String) syslog facility
  - CLI Alias: `facility`
  - Choices: `user`, `security`, `authpriv`, `local0`, `local1`, `local2`, `local3`, `local4`, `local5`, `local6`, `local7`
  - Default value: `user`
- `timestamp_format` (String) Timestamp format
  - CLI Alias: `timestamp`
  - Choices: `syslog`, `numeric`, `zulu`
  - Default value: `zulu`
- `type` (String) Target type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `console`, `cache`, `syslog`, `syslog-tcp`, `smtp`, `file`, `soap`, `snmp`, `nfs`
  - Default value: `file`
- `upload_method` (String) Upload protocol
  - CLI Alias: `upload-method`
  - Choices: `ftp`, `scp`, `sftp`, `smtp`
  - Default value: `ftp`
- `url` (String) URL
  - CLI Alias: `url`
- `use_ansi_color` (Boolean) Use ANSI color scheme
  - CLI Alias: `ansi-color`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--log_events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_events`

Optional:

- `class` (String) Event category
  - Reference to: `datapower_loglabel:id`
- `priority` (String) Minimum event priority
  - Choices: `emerg`, `alert`, `critic`, `error`, `warn`, `notice`, `info`, `debug`
  - Default value: `notice`


<a id="nestedatt--log_ip_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_ip_filter`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address


<a id="nestedatt--log_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_objects`

Optional:

- `class` (String) Object type
- `follow_references` (Boolean) Add referenced objects
  - Default value: `false`
- `object` (String) Object name


<a id="nestedatt--log_triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_triggers`

Optional:

- `command` (String) Command
- `expression` (String) Regular expression
- `message_id` (String) Message ID
- `only_once` (Boolean) Only one time
  - Default value: `true`
- `stop_processing` (Boolean) Only this trigger
  - Default value: `true`
