docs/resources/lunahasettings.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_lunahasettings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SafeNet Luna HSM HA settings (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: luna-ha-settings
---

# datapower_lunahasettings (Resource)

SafeNet Luna HSM HA settings (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `luna-ha-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_lunahasettings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `interval` (Number) Recovery interval
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-interval`
  - Range: `60`-`1200`
  - Default value: `60`
- `mode` (String) Recovery mode
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-mode`
  - Choices: `activeBasic`, `activeEnhanced`
  - Default value: `activeBasic`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `recovery_count` (Number) Recovery count
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-count`
  - Range: `-1`-`500`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/lunahasettings.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_lunahasettings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SafeNet Luna HSM HA settings (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: luna-ha-settings
---

# datapower_lunahasettings (Resource)

SafeNet Luna HSM HA settings (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `luna-ha-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_lunahasettings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `interval` (Number) Recovery interval
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-interval`
  - Range: `60`-`1200`
  - Default value: `60`
- `mode` (String) Recovery mode
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-mode`
  - Choices: `activeBasic`, `activeEnhanced`
  - Default value: `activeBasic`
- `recovery_count` (Number) Recovery count
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-count`
  - Range: `-1`-`500`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
