---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna_ha_settings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines the high availability (HA) settings for the SafeNet Luna Network HSM HA group.
  CLI Alias: luna-ha-settings
---

# datapower_luna_ha_settings (Resource)

Defines the high availability (HA) settings for the SafeNet Luna Network HSM HA group.
  - CLI Alias: `luna-ha-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_luna_ha_settings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `interval` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds between recovery attempts for failed members in the HA group. Enter a value in the range 60 - 1200. The default value is 60.
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-interval`
  - Range: `60`-`1200`
  - Default value: `60`
- `mode` (String) Specify the HA recovery mode. The default value is activeBasic.
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-mode`
  - Choices: `activeBasic`, `activeEnhanced`
  - Default value: `activeBasic`
- `recovery_count` (Number) Specify the number of recovery attempts for failed members in the HA group. Enter a value in the range 0 - 500. The default value is 0, which disables automatic recovery.
  - CLI Alias: `recovery-count`
  - Range: `-1`-`500`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
