---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can use a network-attached SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance as the HSM to provide secure storage for RSA keys and accelerate RSA operations remotely. The configuration of the Luna HSM sets up the connection with the Luna HSM.
  CLI Alias: luna
---

# datapower_luna (Resource)

You can use a network-attached SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance as the HSM to provide secure storage for RSA keys and accelerate RSA operations remotely. The configuration of the Luna HSM sets up the connection with the Luna HSM.
  - CLI Alias: `luna`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_luna" "test" {
  id              = "ResTestLuna"
  remote_address  = "localhost"
  server_cert     = "cert:///cert.crt"
  security_option = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `remote_address` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `host`
- `server_cert` (String) Encryption certificate
  - CLI Alias: `server-cert`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `security_option` (String) Specify the security option for connection.
  - CLI Alias: `option`
  - Choices: `none`, `htl`
  - Default value: `none`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
