---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_lunahagroup Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An HA group on the SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance allows you to define multiple Luna HSM partitions as a group for load balancing and failover.
  CLI Alias: luna-ha-group
---

# datapower_lunahagroup (Resource)

An HA group on the SafeNet Luna Network HSM appliance allows you to define multiple Luna HSM partitions as a group for load balancing and failover.
  - CLI Alias: `luna-ha-group`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_lunahagroup" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestLunaHAGroup"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  group_name = "groupname"
  member     = ["AccTest_LunaPartition"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `group_name` (String) Specify the label that identifies the HA group on the Luna HSM. The HA group appears as one single logical partition that is identified by the label on the Luna HSM. The minimum length of the label is one character. The maximum length is 32 characters. The group name must be unique across domains.
  - CLI Alias: `group`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `member` (List of String) Specify the members for HA group. An HA group member is an HSM partition that the system can access. The first member is the primary member. The Luna HSM balances cryptographic requests across the members in the HA group.
  - CLI Alias: `member`
  - Reference to: `datapower_lunapartition:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `standby` (List of String) Specify the standby HSM partition. Standby members are not active for load balancing until all non-standby members fail. You must add the HSM partition as a member of the HA group before you can specify the partition as standby.
  - CLI Alias: `standby`
  - Reference to: `datapower_lunapartition:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
