docs/resources/luna.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SafeNet Luna HSM (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: luna
---

# datapower_luna (Resource)

SafeNet Luna HSM (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `luna`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_luna" "test" {
  id              = "Luna_name"
  remote_address  = "localhost"
  server_cert     = "cert:///cert.crt"
  security_option = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `remote_address` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `host`
- `server_cert` (String) Encryption certificate
  - CLI Alias: `server-cert`

### Optional

- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `security_option` (String) Security option
  - CLI Alias: `option`
  - Choices: `none`, `htl`
  - Default value: `none`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/luna.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_luna Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SafeNet Luna HSM (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: luna
---

# datapower_luna (Resource)

SafeNet Luna HSM (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `luna`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_luna" "test" {
  id              = "Luna_name"
  remote_address  = "localhost"
  server_cert     = "cert:///cert.crt"
  security_option = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `remote_address` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `host`
- `server_cert` (String) Encryption certificate
  - CLI Alias: `server-cert`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `security_option` (String) Security option
  - CLI Alias: `option`
  - Choices: `none`, `htl`
  - Default value: `none`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
