---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_matching Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Matching Rule
  CLI Alias: matching
---

# datapower_matching (Resource)

Matching Rule
  - CLI Alias: `matching`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_matching" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestMatching"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `combine_with_or` (Boolean) <p>Whether to use Boolean OR or AND operations during evaluation.</p><ul><li>When enabled, combine with OR semantics. Only one match must evaluate to true for success.</li><li>When disabled, combine with AND semantics. All matches must evaluate to true for success.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `combine-with-or`
  - Default value: `false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `match_rules` (Attributes List) The rules in the matching rule.
  - CLI Alias: `match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--match_rules))
- `match_with_pcre` (Boolean) Whether the evaluation uses shell style expressions or PCREs. This setting does not apply to XPath or HTTP method evaluations.
  - CLI Alias: `match-with-pcre`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--match_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `match_rules`

Required:

- `type` (String) The match type for evaluation.
  - Choices: `url`, `http`, `errorcode`, `xpath`, `fullyqualifiedurl`, `host`, `method`

Optional:

- `custom_method` (String) For a custom method, the custom HTTP method.
  - Required When: `method`=`custom`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `error_code` (String) The error code match expression.
  - Required When: `type`=`errorcode`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `http_tag` (String) For HTTP matching, the name of the HTTP header to examine.
  - Required When: `type`=`http`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `http_value` (String) For HTTP matching, the value match for the HTTP header. Enter a match pattern or a literal string.
  - Required When: `type`=`http`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `method` (String) The HTTP method.
  - Choices: `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `custom`, `default`
  - Default value: `default`
  - Required When: `type`=`method`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `url` (String) The URL match expression.
  - Required When: `type`=`url`|`fullyqualifiedurl`|`host`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `xpath_expression` (String) The XPath match expression.
  - Required When: `type`=`xpath`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
