---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mcf_xpath Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Filter based on specific data in the message. An XPath expression defines a data element to be matched in the request message.
  CLI Alias: mcf-xpath
---

# datapower_mcf_xpath (Resource)

Filter based on specific data in the message. An XPath expression defines a data element to be matched in the request message.
  - CLI Alias: `mcf-xpath`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_mcf_xpath" "test" {
  id               = "ResTestMCFXPath"
  app_domain       = "acceptance_test"
  xpath_expression = "*"
  xpath_value      = "value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `xpath_expression` (String) XPath Expression
  - CLI Alias: `location`
- `xpath_value` (String) XPath Value
  - CLI Alias: `value`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
