---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mcf_http_method Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Filter based on the HTTP method. The filter value is matched to the HTTP method in the request message.
  CLI Alias: mcf-httpmethod
---

# datapower_mcf_http_method (Resource)

Filter based on the HTTP method. The filter value is matched to the HTTP method in the request message.
  - CLI Alias: `mcf-httpmethod`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_mcf_http_method" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestMCFHttpMethod"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  http_method = "GET"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `http_method` (String) HTTP Method
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Choices: `POST`, `GET`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, `HEAD`
  - Default value: `GET`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
