---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mcf_custom_rule Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A custom message content filter calls a processing rule to retrieve a specified value. The filter value is matched to the contents of variable 'var://context/policy/mcf/RULE-NAME'
  CLI Alias: mcf-customrule
---

# datapower_mcf_custom_rule (Resource)

A custom message content filter calls a processing rule to retrieve a specified value. The filter value is matched to the contents of variable 'var://context/policy/mcf/RULE-NAME'
  - CLI Alias: `mcf-customrule`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_mcf_custom_rule" "test" {
  id                = "ResTestMCFCustomRule"
  app_domain        = "acceptance_test"
  custom_rule_name  = "__dp-policy-begin__"
  custom_rule_value = "rulevalue"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `custom_rule_name` (String) Rule
  - CLI Alias: `rulename`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
- `custom_rule_value` (String) <p>Enter the value to match against the value that is retrieved from the named processing rule. Enter either a string that must match the outcome of the rule or enter an asterisk (*) to match any value.</p><p>When the value is a string, an identical literal string comparison result is a match. When the value is an asterisk, any value other than NULL or an empty string results in a match.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `value`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
