---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_message_type Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  On-Line Help for Message Types
  CLI Alias: message-type
---

# datapower_message_type (Resource)

On-Line Help for Message Types
  - CLI Alias: `message-type`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_message_type" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestMessageType"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `matching` (List of String) Use the values list (a list of traffic definitions), in conjunction with the Add and Delete buttons, to add one or more traffic definitions to this message type. Click the + button to create a new traffic definition (Message Matching object). Select an object and click ... to edit it.
  - CLI Alias: `message-matching`
  - Reference to: `datapower_message_matching:id`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
