---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mgmt_interface Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Modify the configuration of the XML management interface. This interface is described in the store:///xml-mgmt.wsdl file in the default domain. If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.
  CLI Alias: xml-mgmt
---

# datapower_mgmt_interface (Resource)

Modify the configuration of the XML management interface. This interface is described in the <tt>store:///xml-mgmt.wsdl</tt> file in the <tt>default</tt> domain. <p>If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `xml-mgmt`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_mgmt_interface" "test" {
  local_port    = 5550
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `acl` (String) Edit the <tt>xml-mgmt</tt> access control list to define the client IP addresses to allow or deny.
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_control_list:id`
  - Default value: `xml-mgmt`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the TCP port that the interface monitors. The default value is 5550.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `5550`
- `mode` (Attributes) Specify which service endpoints to enable. For each enabled endpoint, the interface listens for requests from those services.
  - CLI Alias: `mode` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mode))
- `slm_peering` (Number) SLM update interval
  - CLI Alias: `slm-peering`
  - Default value: `10`
  - Required When: `mode`=`slm`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `ssl_config_type` (String) Custom TLS server type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_server` (String) Custom TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_config_type`!=`server`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) Custom TLS SNI server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Required When: `ssl_config_type`=`sni`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `user_agent` (String) Custom user agent
  - CLI Alias: `user-agent`
  - Reference to: `datapower_http_user_agent:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mode`

Optional:

- `amp` (Boolean) AMP endpoint
  - Default value: `true`
- `any` (Boolean) SOAP management URI
  - Default value: `true`
- `slm` (Boolean) SLM endpoint
  - Default value: `true`
- `soma` (Boolean) SOAP configuration management
  - Default value: `true`
- `v2004` (Boolean) SOAP configuration management (v2004)
  - Default value: `true`
- `wsdm` (Boolean) WSDM endpoint
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsm` (Boolean) WS-Management endpoint
  - Default value: `false`
- `wsrr_subscription` (Boolean) WSRR subscription
  - Default value: `true`
