docs/resources/mpgw_error_action.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mpgw_error_action Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define how the Multi-Protocol gateway handles errors and generates error responses to the client.
  CLI Alias: mpgw-error-action
---

# datapower_mpgw_error_action (Resource)

Define how the Multi-Protocol gateway handles errors and generates error responses to the client.
  - CLI Alias: `mpgw-error-action`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_mpgw_error_action" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestMPGWErrorAction"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  type       = "static"
  local_url  = "store:///schemas/XMLSchema.dtd"
  header_injection = [{
    header_tag_value = "HEADER_VALUE"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_rule` (String) Specify the custom error rule that the appliance runs to handle errors.
  - CLI Alias: `rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `type`=`error-rule`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `header_injection` (Attributes List) Specify the name and the value for the HTTP header that the appliance injects.
  - CLI Alias: `header-inject`
  - Not Valid When: `type`!=`proxy`|`static` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_injection))
- `local_url` (String) Specify the URL of the local error page.
  - CLI Alias: `local-url`
  - Required When: `type`=`static`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `reason_phrase` (String) Specify the HTTP reason phrase that the appliance returns to the client. For a proxy mode, the specified reason phrase overrides the fetched value.
  - CLI Alias: `reason-phrase`
  - Not Valid When: `type`!=`proxy`|`static`
- `remote_url` (String) Specify the URL of the remote error page.
  - CLI Alias: `remote-url`
  - Required When: `type`=`redirect`|`proxy`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `status_code` (Number) Specify the HTTP status code that the appliance returns to the client. Enter a value in the range 0 - 999.
  - CLI Alias: `status-code`
  - Range: `100`-`999`
  - Not Valid When: `type`!=`proxy`|`static`
- `type` (String) Select which mode to handle the errors and generate the responses. The default mode is "Static (Local)".
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `error-rule`, `proxy`, `redirect`, `static`
  - Default value: `static`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--header_injection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_injection`

Required:

- `header_tag_value` (String) Enter the value for the header name.

Optional:

- `header_tag` (String) Enter the name of the header to inject. The headers are not defined in the original response. The appliance sends the headers to the client.

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/mpgw_error_action.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mpgw_error_action Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define how the Multi-Protocol gateway handles errors and generates error responses to the client.
  CLI Alias: mpgw-error-action
---

# datapower_mpgw_error_action (Resource)

Define how the Multi-Protocol gateway handles errors and generates error responses to the client.
  - CLI Alias: `mpgw-error-action`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_mpgw_error_action" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestMPGWErrorAction"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  type       = "static"
  local_url  = "store:///schemas/XMLSchema.dtd"
  header_injection = [{
    header_tag_value = "HEADER_VALUE"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_rule` (String) Specify the custom error rule that the appliance runs to handle errors.
  - CLI Alias: `rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `type`=`error-rule`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `header_injection` (Attributes List) Specify the name and the value for the HTTP header that the appliance injects.
  - CLI Alias: `header-inject`
  - Not Valid When: `type`!=`proxy`|`static` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_injection))
- `local_url` (String) Specify the URL of the local error page.
  - CLI Alias: `local-url`
  - Required When: `type`=`static`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `reason_phrase` (String) Specify the HTTP reason phrase that the appliance returns to the client. For a proxy mode, the specified reason phrase overrides the fetched value.
  - CLI Alias: `reason-phrase`
  - Not Valid When: `type`!=`proxy`|`static`
- `remote_url` (String) Specify the URL of the remote error page.
  - CLI Alias: `remote-url`
  - Required When: `type`=`redirect`|`proxy`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `status_code` (Number) Specify the HTTP status code that the appliance returns to the client. Enter a value in the range 0 - 999.
  - CLI Alias: `status-code`
  - Range: `100`-`999`
  - Not Valid When: `type`!=`proxy`|`static`
- `type` (String) Select which mode to handle the errors and generate the responses. The default mode is "Static (Local)".
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `error-rule`, `proxy`, `redirect`, `static`
  - Default value: `static`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--header_injection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_injection`

Required:

- `header_tag_value` (String) Enter the value for the header name.

Optional:

- `header_tag` (String) Enter the name of the header to inject. The headers are not defined in the original response. The appliance sends the headers to the client.
