---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_mpgwerrorhandlingpolicy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Multi-Protocol gateway error policy consists of one or more error actions. A service runs an error action depending on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the action for processing. A service can have one policy active at a time. When an error occurs in the Multi-Protocol Gateway from an HTTP or HTTPS request flow and no precedent error handler handles the error, the service calls the error policy.
  CLI Alias: mpgw-error-handling
---

# datapower_mpgwerrorhandlingpolicy (Resource)

A Multi-Protocol gateway error policy consists of one or more error actions. A service runs an error action depending on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the action for processing. A service can have one policy active at a time. When an error occurs in the Multi-Protocol Gateway from an HTTP or HTTPS request flow and no precedent error handler handles the error, the service calls the error policy.
  - CLI Alias: `mpgw-error-handling`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_mpgwerrorhandlingpolicy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestMPGWErrorHandlingPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  policy_maps = [{
    match  = "__default-accept-service-providers__"
    action = "AccTest_MPGWErrorAction"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `policy_maps` (Attributes List) The policy maps contain a list of error response action rules and their corresponding matching rules. When the policy evaluates the matching rules and finds a match, it runs the corresponding error response action. The policy runs the first error response action with a successful match.
  - CLI Alias: `match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_maps))

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--policy_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_maps`

Required:

- `action` (String) Error Action
  - Reference to: `datapower_mpgwerroraction:id`
- `match` (String) Matching Rule
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
