---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_name_value_profile Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Many HTTP things are expressed as name value pairs. These include HTTP headers, cookie values, url-encoded query strings, and url-encoded request messages. This profile provides a mechanism for what kinds of names are expected and for each kind of name what properties should be enforced on the corresponding values. When a name-value pair is not validated successfully that may generate an error, the pair might be stripped from the transaction, or the value may be mapped to another default value.
  CLI Alias: webapp-gnvc
---

# datapower_name_value_profile (Resource)

Many HTTP things are expressed as name value pairs. These include HTTP headers, cookie values, url-encoded query strings, and url-encoded request messages. This profile provides a mechanism for what kinds of names are expected and for each kind of name what properties should be enforced on the corresponding values. When a name-value pair is not validated successfully that may generate an error, the pair might be stripped from the transaction, or the value may be mapped to another default value.
  - CLI Alias: `webapp-gnvc`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_name_value_profile" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestNameValueProfile"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  default_fixup = "strip"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `default_fixup` (String) Select the action to taken when no matching entry in the validation list is found. The default is Strip.
  - CLI Alias: `unvalidated-fixup-policy`
  - Choices: `passthrough`, `strip`, `error`, `set`
  - Default value: `strip`
- `default_map_value` (String) An value that does not have a matching entry in the validation list is changed to this value if the no match policy is 'set'.
  - CLI Alias: `unvalidated-fixup-map`
  - Not Valid When: `default_fixup`!=`set`
- `default_xss` (Boolean) This property allows the value to be checked for Cross Site Scripting (XSS) signatures. These signatures are malicious attempts to input client-side script as the input to a web application. If this client-side script is later displayed in a browser, the script executes and can perform malicious activities. Enable this feature to filter input for malicious content that might get stored and displayed again later, such as the contents of a comment form. The check looks for invalid characters and various forms of the term &lt;script that is often used to engage JavaScript on a browser without the user knowing.
  - CLI Alias: `unvalidated-xss-check`
  - Default value: `false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `max_aggregate_size` (Number) The lengths of all the names and values in a single entity (header, cookie set, body, query string, and so forth) in aggregate must not exceed this property.
  - CLI Alias: `max-aggregate-size`
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `128000`
- `max_attributes` (Number) The maximum number of name value pairs allowed in a single entity (header, cookie set, body, and so forth).
  - CLI Alias: `max-attributes`
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `256`
- `max_name_size` (Number) The maximum size of a name attribute used in this profile.
  - CLI Alias: `max-name-size`
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `512`
- `max_value_size` (Number) The maximum size of a value attribute used in this profile.
  - CLI Alias: `max-value-size`
  - Range: `1`-`4294967295`
  - Default value: `1024`
- `no_match_xss_patterns_file` (String) Specifies the patterns file that will be used by the XSS filter when No Match XSS is selected. The default file, store:///XSS-Patterns.xml, checks for invalid characters and various forms of the term &lt;script. Specify a custom XML patterns file with PCRE patterns to be used by the XSS filter.
  - CLI Alias: `unvalidated-xss-patternsfile`
  - Default value: `store:///XSS-Patterns.xml`
  - Required When: `default_xss`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: `default_xss`!=`true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `validation_list` (Attributes List) Each pair submitted to this profile consults this validation list, looking for the first regular expression match of the name against the name expression in the list. When that is found, the corresponding value constraint is matched against the value portion of the name-value pair. If that does not match, the policy applies the 'fixup' attribute to the submitted value. That may result in no change, the pair being removed, an error being generated, or the value being mapped to a known constant.
  - CLI Alias: `validation` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--validation_list))

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--validation_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validation_list`

Required:

- `name` (String) The regular expression that the submitted names are matched against. If they match the value must also match against the corresponding value constraint to be passed through.
- `value` (String) The regular expression (PCRE style) that is applied to a value input to see if it is an expected input

Optional:

- `fixup` (String) Select which action should be taken when a value constraint fails to validate an input. The default is Error.
  - Choices: `passthrough`, `strip`, `error`, `set`
  - Default value: `error`
- `map_value` (String) An value that fails validation is changed to this value if the failure policy is 'set'.
  - Not Valid When: `fixup`!=`set`
- `xss` (Boolean) This property allows the value to be checked for Cross Site Scripting (XSS) signatures. These signatures are malicious attempts to input client-side script as the input to a web application. If this client-side script is later displayed in a browser, the script executes and can perform malicious activities. Enable this feature to filter input for malicious content that might get stored and displayed again later, such as the contents of a comment form. The check looks for invalid characters and various forms of the term &lt;script that is often used to engage JavaScript on a browser without the user knowing.
  - Default value: `false`
- `xss_patterns_file` (String) Specifies the patterns file that will be used by the XSS filter. The default file, store:///XSS-Patterns.xml, checks for invalid characters and various forms of the term &lt;script. Specify a custom XML patterns file with PCRE patterns to be used by the XSS filter.
  - Default value: `store:///XSS-Patterns.xml`
  - Required When: `xss`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: `xss`!=`true`
