---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_nfs_client_settings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure global NFS client parameters, which is the global configuration to enable NFS.
  CLI Alias: nfs-client
---

# datapower_nfs_client_settings (Resource)

Configure global NFS client parameters, which is the global configuration to enable NFS.
  - CLI Alias: `nfs-client`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_nfs_client_settings" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `mount_refresh_time` (Number) Specify the interval between the validation of NFS mounts. The status of each NFS mount is checked at this interval. This check detects whether the NFS server is up or down to prevent application-level NFS timeouts.
  - CLI Alias: `mount-refresh-time`
  - Range: `1`-`1000`
  - Default value: `10`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
