---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_nfs_dynamic_mounts Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure parameters of dynamic NFS mounts for dpnfs URL calls. These mounts support URL access in the form dpnfs://&lt;host>/&lt;path>/&lt;file> . The system automatically mounts any dynamic mounts. Dynamic mounts remain mounted until the inactivity timer elapses.
  CLI Alias: nfs-dynamic-mounts
---

# datapower_nfs_dynamic_mounts (Resource)

Configure parameters of dynamic NFS mounts for dpnfs URL calls. These mounts support URL access in the form <tt>dpnfs://&lt;host>/&lt;path>/&lt;file></tt> . The system automatically mounts any dynamic mounts. Dynamic mounts remain mounted until the inactivity timer elapses.
  - CLI Alias: `nfs-dynamic-mounts`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_nfs_dynamic_mounts" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `idle_unmount_seconds` (Number) Specify the inactivity duration in seconds to wait before the mount is unmounted. The default value is 900. The value of 0 disables the timer.
  - CLI Alias: `inactivity-timeout`
  - Default value: `900`
- `mount_timeout_seconds` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to attempt to mount a dynamic mount. When the timer elapses, related file open operations fail.
  - CLI Alias: `mount-timeout`
  - Range: `10`-`240`
  - Default value: `30`
- `mount_type` (String) Specify the type of NFS mount. The default mount type is a hard mount.
  - CLI Alias: `mount-type`
  - Choices: `hard`, `soft`
  - Default value: `hard`
- `read_only` (Boolean) Specify whether the mount is read-only. By default, the mount is not read-only.
  - CLI Alias: `read-only`
  - Default value: `false`
- `read_size` (Number) Specify the size in bytes for NFS read operations. Enter a value in the range 1024 - 32768. The default value is 4096.
  - CLI Alias: `rsize`
  - Range: `1024`-`32768`
  - Default value: `4096`
- `retransmissions` (Number) Specify the number of minor RPC timeouts and retransmissions until a major timeout. Enter a value in the range 1 - 60. The default value is 3.
  - CLI Alias: `retrans`
  - Range: `1`-`60`
  - Default value: `3`
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the time in tenths of seconds until the first retransmission on RPC times out. Enter a value in the range 1 - 600. The default value is 7.
  - CLI Alias: `timeo`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `7`
- `transport` (String) Specify the transport protocol. The default transport protocol is TCP.
  - CLI Alias: `transport`
  - Choices: `tcp`, `udp`
  - Default value: `tcp`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `version` (Number) Specify the preferred NFS protocol version. Enter a value in the range 2 - 4. The default value is 3. <ul><li>If version 3 and the server only implements version 2, the client falls back to version 2.</li><li>If version 4, the remote export paths are different and prevents fallback.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `version`
  - Range: `2`-`4`
  - Default value: `3`
- `write_size` (Number) Specify the size in bytes for NFS write operations. Enter a value in the range 1024 - 32768. The default value is 4096.
  - CLI Alias: `wsize`
  - Range: `1024`-`32768`
  - Default value: `4096`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
