---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_oauth_supported_client_group Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_oauth_supported_client_group (Resource)

<p>To support the OAuth 2.0 protocol, an AAA policy requires the configuration of an OAuth client group. An OAuth client group contains the configured OAuth clients that the DataPower Gateway accepts requests from.</p><p>When creating an OAuth client group for an AAA policy, the OAuth client group consists of one or more OAuth clients with the same OAuth roles.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-supported-client-group`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_oauth_supported_client_group" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestOAuthSupportedClientGroup"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  client     = ["AccTest_OAuthSupportedClient"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `client` (List of String) Manages the group of OAuth clients. Use the controls to add or remove clients from the group.
  - CLI Alias: `client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_oauth_supported_client:id`
  - Required When: (`customized`=`false` OR (`customized`=`true` AND `customized_type`=`custom`))
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `client_template` (String) <p>Specifies the OAuth client template that is used to derive the configuration parameters that are not specified in the stylesheet or GatewayScript file of the OAuth client.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `client-template`
  - Reference to: `datapower_oauth_supported_client:id`
  - Required When: (`customized`=`true` AND `customized_type`=`template`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `customized` (Boolean) Indicates whether the configuration is for a customized OAuth client group.
  - CLI Alias: `customized`
  - Default value: `false`
- `customized_type` (String) Sets the method to customize an OAuth client.
  - CLI Alias: `customized-type`
  - Choices: `custom`, `template`
  - Default value: `custom`
  - Not Valid When: `customized`=`false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `oauth_role` (Attributes) Identifies the roles of clients in the group. This property is mutually exclusive to the <b>Customized OAuth</b> property.
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-role` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oauth_role))
- `template_process_url` (String) <p>Specifies the location of the stylesheet or GatewayScript file that defines the OAuth client. You can define parts of the configuration parameters in the stylesheet or GatewayScript file and then specify an OAuth client template to derive the remaining information. Note that the stylesheet or GatewayScript file must at least provide the "client-id" node. The stylesheet or GatewayScript file must be in the local: or store: directory.</p><p>The stylesheet or GatewayScript file must follow the guidelines when it returns the information: <ul><li>The stylesheet or GatewayScript file must return the &lt;client-id> element.</li><li>If the &lt;customized> element value is set to "on", the &lt;customized-process-url> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;customized> element value is set to "on" in the client template, the &lt;customized-process-url> element cannot unset this value.</li><li>If the &lt;use-validation-url> element value is set to "on", the &lt;validation-url> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;custom-scope-check> element value is set to "on", the &lt;scope-url> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;custom-resource-owner> element value is set to "on", the &lt;resource-owner-url> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;role> element value is set, the value must be the same or a subset of what is defined in the template.</li><li>If the &lt;client-type> element value is set, the value must be the same or a subset of what is defined in the template.</li><li>If the &lt;az-grant> element value is set, the value must be the same or a subset of what is defined in the template.</li><li>If the &lt;az-grant> element value is set to "+code+" or "+token+", the &lt;local-az-page-url> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;caching> element value is set to "custom", the &lt;additional-oauth-processing-url> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;refresh-token-allowed> is set to a non-zero value, the &lt;refresh-token-lifetime> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;check-client-credential> element value is set to "on", the &lt;client-authen-method> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;client-authen-method> element value is set to "secret", the &lt;client-secret> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li><li>If the &lt;client-authen-method> element value is set to "ssl", the &lt;client-valcred> element value must be provided by either the stylesheet or GatewayScript file or the template.</li></ul></p>
  - CLI Alias: `template-process-url`
  - Required When: (`customized`=`true` AND `customized_type`=`template`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `user_summary` (String) Specifies a brief comment that describes the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--oauth_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth_role`

Optional:

- `azsvr` (Boolean) Authorization and Token Endpoints
  - Default value: `false`
- `rssvr` (Boolean) Enforcement Point for Resource Server
  - Default value: `false`
