docs/resources/oauthsupportedclient.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_oauthsupportedclient Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OAuth Client Profile
  CLI Alias: oauth-supported-client
---

# datapower_oauthsupportedclient (Resource)

OAuth Client Profile
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-supported-client`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_oauthsupportedclient" "test" {
  id         = "OAuthSupportedClient_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `access_token_life_time` (Number) Access Token Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `access-token-lifetime`
  - Range: `1`-`63244800`
  - Default value: `3600`
- `additional_o_auth_process_url` (String) Additional OAuth Process
  - CLI Alias: `additional-oauth-process-url`
- `au_code_life_time` (Number) Authorization Grant Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `au-code-lifetime`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `300`
- `az_grant` (Attributes) Supported Type
  - CLI Alias: `az-grant` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--az_grant))
- `caching` (String) Caching
  - CLI Alias: `caching`
  - Choices: `replay`, `system`, `custom`, `diststore`
  - Default value: `replay`
- `check_client_credential` (Boolean) Verify Client Credential
  - CLI Alias: `check-client-credential`
  - Default value: `false`
- `client_authen_method` (String) Authentication Method
  - CLI Alias: `client-authen-method`
  - Choices: `secret`, `ssl`, `jwt`
  - Default value: `secret`
- `client_jwt_validator` (String) Client authentication JWT validator
  - CLI Alias: `client-jwt-validator`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtvalidator:id`
- `client_secret` (String) Client Secret
  - CLI Alias: `client-secret`
- `client_type` (String) Client Type
  - CLI Alias: `client-type`
  - Choices: `confidential`, `public`
  - Default value: `confidential`
- `client_val_cred` (String) Client TLS Credentials
  - CLI Alias: `client-valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `custom_resource_owner` (Boolean) Custom Resource Owner Handling
  - CLI Alias: `custom-resource-owner`
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom_scope_check` (Boolean) Customized Scope Check
  - CLI Alias: `custom-scope-check`
  - Default value: `false`
- `customized` (Boolean) Customized OAuth
  - CLI Alias: `customized`
  - Default value: `false`
- `customized_process_url` (String) Customized OAuth Process
  - CLI Alias: `customized-process-url`
- `default_scope` (String) Default Scope
  - CLI Alias: `default-scope`
- `dp_state_life_time` (Number) DataPower State Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `dp-state-lifetime`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `300`
- `generate_client_secret` (Boolean) Generate Client Secret
  - CLI Alias: `generate-client-secret`
  - Default value: `true`
- `jwt_grant_validator` (String) Authorization grant JWT validator
  - CLI Alias: `jwt-grant-validator`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtvalidator:id`
- `local_az_page_url` (String) Authorization Form
  - CLI Alias: `local-az-page-url`
  - Default value: `store:///OAuth-Generate-HTML.xsl`
- `max_consent_life_time` (Number) Maximum Consent Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `max-consent-lifetime`
  - Range: `0`-`2529792000`
- `o_auth_features` (Attributes) Features
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--o_auth_features))
- `o_auth_role` (Attributes) OAuth Role
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-role` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--o_auth_role))
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `oidcid_token_generator` (String) ID token JWT generator
  - CLI Alias: `idtoken-generator`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtgenerator:id`
- `redirect_uri` (List of String) Redirect URI
  - CLI Alias: `redirect-uri`
- `refresh_token_allowed` (Number) Number of Refresh Token Allowed
  - CLI Alias: `refresh-token-allowed`
  - Range: `0`-`4096`
- `refresh_token_life_time` (Number) Refresh Token Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `refresh-token-lifetime`
  - Range: `2`-`252979200`
  - Default value: `5400`
- `resource_owner_url` (String) Resource Owner Process
  - CLI Alias: `resource-owner-url`
- `rs_set_header` (Attributes) Create HTTP Headers for
  - CLI Alias: `rs-set-header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rs_set_header))
- `scope` (String) Scope
  - CLI Alias: `scope`
- `scope_url` (String) Scope Customized Process
  - CLI Alias: `scope-url`
- `token_secret` (String) Shared Secret
  - CLI Alias: `token-secret`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `use_validation_url` (Boolean) Use Validation URL
  - CLI Alias: `use-validation-url`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `validation_features` (Attributes) Validation Grant Features
  - CLI Alias: `validation-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--validation_features))
- `validation_url` (String) Validation URL
  - CLI Alias: `validation-url`
- `validation_urlssl_client` (String) Validation TLS Client Profile
  - CLI Alias: `validation-url-ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `validation_urlssl_client_type` (String) Validation TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `validation-url-ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`

<a id="nestedatt--az_grant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `az_grant`

Optional:

- `client` (Boolean) Client Credentials Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `code` (Boolean) Authorization Code Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `implicit` (Boolean) Implicit Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `jwt` (Boolean) JWT Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `novalidate` (Boolean) Disable Validation Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `oidc` (Boolean) OpenID Connect
  - Default value: `false`
- `password` (Boolean) Resource Owner Password Credential Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `saml20bearer` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--o_auth_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `o_auth_features`

Optional:

- `multipleusesrefreshtoken` (Boolean) Allow reuse of refresh token
  - Default value: `false`
- `onetimeuse` (Boolean) One-time use access token
  - Default value: `false`
- `pkce` (Boolean) Require PKCE for Authorization Code
  - Default value: `false`
- `verboseerror` (Boolean) Verbose
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--o_auth_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `o_auth_role`

Optional:

- `azsvr` (Boolean) Authorization and Token Endpoints
  - Default value: `false`
- `rssvr` (Boolean) Enforcement Point for Resource Server
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--rs_set_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rs_set_header`

Optional:

- `clientid` (Boolean) Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `miscinfo` (Boolean) Customized Info
  - Default value: `false`
- `owner` (Boolean) Resource Owner
  - Default value: `false`
- `scope` (Boolean) Scope
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--validation_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validation_features`

Optional:

- `introspect` (Boolean) Introspection Format
  - Default value: `false`
- `noauthen` (Boolean) Unprotected
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/oauthsupportedclient.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_oauthsupportedclient Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OAuth Client Profile
  CLI Alias: oauth-supported-client
---

# datapower_oauthsupportedclient (Resource)

OAuth Client Profile
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-supported-client`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_oauthsupportedclient" "test" {
  id         = "OAuthSupportedClient_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `access_token_life_time` (Number) Access Token Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `access-token-lifetime`
  - Range: `1`-`63244800`
  - Default value: `3600`
- `additional_o_auth_process_url` (String) Additional OAuth Process
  - CLI Alias: `additional-oauth-process-url`
- `au_code_life_time` (Number) Authorization Grant Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `au-code-lifetime`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `300`
- `az_grant` (Attributes) Supported Type
  - CLI Alias: `az-grant` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--az_grant))
- `caching` (String) Caching
  - CLI Alias: `caching`
  - Choices: `replay`, `system`, `custom`, `diststore`
  - Default value: `replay`
- `check_client_credential` (Boolean) Verify Client Credential
  - CLI Alias: `check-client-credential`
  - Default value: `false`
- `client_authen_method` (String) Authentication Method
  - CLI Alias: `client-authen-method`
  - Choices: `secret`, `ssl`, `jwt`
  - Default value: `secret`
- `client_jwt_validator` (String) Client authentication JWT validator
  - CLI Alias: `client-jwt-validator`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtvalidator:id`
- `client_secret` (String) Client Secret
  - CLI Alias: `client-secret`
- `client_type` (String) Client Type
  - CLI Alias: `client-type`
  - Choices: `confidential`, `public`
  - Default value: `confidential`
- `client_val_cred` (String) Client TLS Credentials
  - CLI Alias: `client-valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `custom_resource_owner` (Boolean) Custom Resource Owner Handling
  - CLI Alias: `custom-resource-owner`
  - Default value: `false`
- `custom_scope_check` (Boolean) Customized Scope Check
  - CLI Alias: `custom-scope-check`
  - Default value: `false`
- `customized` (Boolean) Customized OAuth
  - CLI Alias: `customized`
  - Default value: `false`
- `customized_process_url` (String) Customized OAuth Process
  - CLI Alias: `customized-process-url`
- `default_scope` (String) Default Scope
  - CLI Alias: `default-scope`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `dp_state_life_time` (Number) DataPower State Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `dp-state-lifetime`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `300`
- `generate_client_secret` (Boolean) Generate Client Secret
  - CLI Alias: `generate-client-secret`
  - Default value: `true`
- `jwt_grant_validator` (String) Authorization grant JWT validator
  - CLI Alias: `jwt-grant-validator`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtvalidator:id`
- `local_az_page_url` (String) Authorization Form
  - CLI Alias: `local-az-page-url`
  - Default value: `store:///OAuth-Generate-HTML.xsl`
- `max_consent_life_time` (Number) Maximum Consent Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `max-consent-lifetime`
  - Range: `0`-`2529792000`
- `o_auth_features` (Attributes) Features
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--o_auth_features))
- `o_auth_role` (Attributes) OAuth Role
  - CLI Alias: `oauth-role` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--o_auth_role))
- `oidcid_token_generator` (String) ID token JWT generator
  - CLI Alias: `idtoken-generator`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaajwtgenerator:id`
- `redirect_uri` (List of String) Redirect URI
  - CLI Alias: `redirect-uri`
- `refresh_token_allowed` (Number) Number of Refresh Token Allowed
  - CLI Alias: `refresh-token-allowed`
  - Range: `0`-`4096`
- `refresh_token_life_time` (Number) Refresh Token Lifetime
  - CLI Alias: `refresh-token-lifetime`
  - Range: `2`-`252979200`
  - Default value: `5400`
- `resource_owner_url` (String) Resource Owner Process
  - CLI Alias: `resource-owner-url`
- `rs_set_header` (Attributes) Create HTTP Headers for
  - CLI Alias: `rs-set-header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rs_set_header))
- `scope` (String) Scope
  - CLI Alias: `scope`
- `scope_url` (String) Scope Customized Process
  - CLI Alias: `scope-url`
- `token_secret` (String) Shared Secret
  - CLI Alias: `token-secret`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `use_validation_url` (Boolean) Use Validation URL
  - CLI Alias: `use-validation-url`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `validation_features` (Attributes) Validation Grant Features
  - CLI Alias: `validation-features` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--validation_features))
- `validation_url` (String) Validation URL
  - CLI Alias: `validation-url`
- `validation_urlssl_client` (String) Validation TLS Client Profile
  - CLI Alias: `validation-url-ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `validation_urlssl_client_type` (String) Validation TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `validation-url-ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`

<a id="nestedatt--az_grant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `az_grant`

Optional:

- `client` (Boolean) Client Credentials Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `code` (Boolean) Authorization Code Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `implicit` (Boolean) Implicit Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `jwt` (Boolean) JWT Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `novalidate` (Boolean) Disable Validation Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `oidc` (Boolean) OpenID Connect
  - Default value: `false`
- `password` (Boolean) Resource Owner Password Credential Grant
  - Default value: `false`
- `saml20bearer` (Boolean) - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--o_auth_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `o_auth_features`

Optional:

- `multipleusesrefreshtoken` (Boolean) Allow reuse of refresh token
  - Default value: `false`
- `onetimeuse` (Boolean) One-time use access token
  - Default value: `false`
- `pkce` (Boolean) Require PKCE for Authorization Code
  - Default value: `false`
- `verboseerror` (Boolean) Verbose
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--o_auth_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `o_auth_role`

Optional:

- `azsvr` (Boolean) Authorization and Token Endpoints
  - Default value: `false`
- `rssvr` (Boolean) Enforcement Point for Resource Server
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--rs_set_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rs_set_header`

Optional:

- `clientid` (Boolean) Client ID
  - Default value: `false`
- `miscinfo` (Boolean) Customized Info
  - Default value: `false`
- `owner` (Boolean) Resource Owner
  - Default value: `false`
- `scope` (Boolean) Scope
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--validation_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validation_features`

Optional:

- `introspect` (Boolean) Introspection Format
  - Default value: `false`
- `noauthen` (Boolean) Unprotected
  - Default value: `false`
