---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_odr_connector_group Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A collection of on demand router (ODR) connectors used to communicate with the Intelligent Management service.
  CLI Alias: odr-connector-group
---

# datapower_odr_connector_group (Resource)

A collection of on demand router (ODR) connectors used to communicate with the Intelligent Management service.
  - CLI Alias: `odr-connector-group`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_odr_connector_group" "test" {
  id = "ResTestODRConnectorGroup"
  odr_group_connectors = [{
    dmgr_hostname = "localhost"
    dmgr_port     = 8888
  }]
  xml_manager = "default"
  odr_conn_group_properties = [{
    conn_group_prop_name  = "propname"
    conn_group_prop_value = "value"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `max_retry_interval` (Number) The time to wait before attempting to reestablish a connection to the Intelligent Management Service. Enter a value in the range 1 - 120. The default value is 60.
  - CLI Alias: `max-retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`120`
  - Default value: `60`
- `odr_conn_group_properties` (Attributes List) The custom properties that are associated with the ODR connector group.
  - CLI Alias: `odr-conn-group-properties` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--odr_conn_group_properties))
- `odr_group_connectors` (Attributes List) The ODR connectors that are used to retrieve ODR information. An ODR connector defines a connection to the Intelligent Management service. The DataPower Gateway retrieves topology, weights, session affinity, and other information from the WebSphere cell over the connection. If multiple connectors are configured, the top most connection is tried first, followed by the second, and so on. After a connection is established, other endpoints might be retrieved and used if the configured connector endpoint is down. You must define at least one connector in an ODR connector group but cannot define more than 16 connectors.
  - CLI Alias: `odr-connector` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--odr_group_connectors))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_client_config_type`=`proxy`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) The XML manager to use when processing transactions with the Intelligent management service.
  - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xml_manager:id`
  - Default value: `default`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--odr_conn_group_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `odr_conn_group_properties`

Required:

- `conn_group_prop_name` (String) The name for a connector group property.
  - CLI Alias: `odr-conn-prop-name`
- `conn_group_prop_value` (String) The value for the connector group property.
  - CLI Alias: `odr-conn-prop-value`


<a id="nestedatt--odr_group_connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `odr_group_connectors`

Required:

- `dmgr_hostname` (String) The host name of the server where the Intelligent management service is enabled.
  - CLI Alias: `dmgr-host`
- `dmgr_port` (Number) The port on the server where the Intelligent management service is enabled.
  - CLI Alias: `dmgr-port`
