docs/resources/opentelemetry.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_opentelemetry Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry
  CLI Alias: otel
---

# datapower_opentelemetry (Resource)

OpenTelemetry
  - CLI Alias: `otel`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_opentelemetry" "test" {
  id         = "OpenTelemetry_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  exporter   = "TestAccOpenTelemetryExporter"
  sampler    = "TestAccOpenTelemetrySampler"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `exporter` (String) Exporter
  - CLI Alias: `exporter`
  - Reference to: `datapower_opentelemetryexporter:id`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `sampler` (String) Sampler
  - CLI Alias: `sampler`
  - Reference to: `datapower_opentelemetrysampler:id`

### Optional

- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `resource_attribute` (Attributes List) Resource attributes
  - CLI Alias: `resource-attribute` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_attribute))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_attribute`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/opentelemetry.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_opentelemetry Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry
  CLI Alias: otel
---

# datapower_opentelemetry (Resource)

OpenTelemetry
  - CLI Alias: `otel`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_opentelemetry" "test" {
  id         = "OpenTelemetry_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  exporter   = "TestAccOpenTelemetryExporter"
  sampler    = "TestAccOpenTelemetrySampler"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `exporter` (String) Exporter
  - CLI Alias: `exporter`
  - Reference to: `datapower_opentelemetryexporter:id`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `sampler` (String) Sampler
  - CLI Alias: `sampler`
  - Reference to: `datapower_opentelemetrysampler:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `resource_attribute` (Attributes List) Resource attributes
  - CLI Alias: `resource-attribute` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_attribute))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_attribute`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key
