---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_open_telemetry_exporter Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry exporter
  CLI Alias: otel-exporter
---

# datapower_open_telemetry_exporter (Resource)

OpenTelemetry exporter
  - CLI Alias: `otel-exporter`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_open_telemetry_exporter" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestOpenTelemetryExporter"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  type       = "http"
  host_name  = "localhost"
  port       = 4318
  processor  = "batch"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `host_name` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `hostname`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `export_delay_interval` (Number) Export interval
  - CLI Alias: `export-delay-interval`
  - Default value: `5000`
- `header` (Attributes List) Headers
  - CLI Alias: `header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header))
- `http_content_type` (String) Content-Type
  - CLI Alias: `http-content-type`
  - Choices: `json`, `binary`
  - Default value: `json`
- `max_export_size` (Number) Max export size
  - CLI Alias: `max-export-size`
  - Default value: `512`
- `max_queue_size` (Number) Max queue size
  - CLI Alias: `max-queue-size`
  - Default value: `2048`
- `port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `4318`
- `processor` (String) Processor
  - CLI Alias: `processor`
  - Choices: `simple`, `batch`
  - Default value: `batch`
- `proxy_policies` (Attributes List) Proxy policies
  - CLI Alias: `proxy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy_policies))
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Default value: `10`
- `traces_path` (String) Traces
  - CLI Alias: `traces-path`
  - Default value: `/v1/traces`
- `type` (String) Exporter type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `http`, `grpc`
  - Default value: `http`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name


<a id="nestedatt--proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) Specify the shell-style match pattern that defines a URL set. The URL set is assigned to a specific HTTP proxy.

Optional:

- `password` (String) Specify the password alias for authentication.
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the hostname or IP address of an HTTP server. With the remote port, this setting designates the HTTP proxy that services the URL set for the match pattern. When Skip is on, the remote host is not used.
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port on the HTTP server. With the remote host, this setting designates the HTTP proxy that services the URL set for the match pattern. When Skip is on, the remote port is not used.
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `skip` (Boolean) Specify how to treat the URL set for the match pattern. When set to on, the URL set is not forwarded to an HTTP proxy, and the remote host and remote port of a proxy are not defined. When set to off, the URL set is forwarded to the HTTP proxy designated by the remote host and remote port.
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_name` (String) Specify the username for authentication.
