docs/resources/open_telemetry.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_open_telemetry Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry
  CLI Alias: otel
---

# datapower_open_telemetry (Resource)

OpenTelemetry
  - CLI Alias: `otel`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_open_telemetry" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestOpenTelemetry"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  exporter   = "AccTest_OpenTelemetryExporter"
  sampler    = "AccTest_OpenTelemetrySampler"
  resource_attribute = [{
    value = "value"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `exporter` (String) Exporter
  - CLI Alias: `exporter`
  - Reference to: `datapower_open_telemetry_exporter:id`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `sampler` (String) Sampler
  - CLI Alias: `sampler`
  - Reference to: `datapower_open_telemetry_sampler:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `resource_attribute` (Attributes List) Resource attributes
  - CLI Alias: `resource-attribute` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_attribute))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_attribute`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/open_telemetry.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_open_telemetry Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry
  CLI Alias: otel
---

# datapower_open_telemetry (Resource)

OpenTelemetry
  - CLI Alias: `otel`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_open_telemetry" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestOpenTelemetry"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  exporter   = "AccTest_OpenTelemetryExporter"
  sampler    = "AccTest_OpenTelemetrySampler"
  resource_attribute = [{
    value = "value"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `exporter` (String) Exporter
  - CLI Alias: `exporter`
  - Reference to: `datapower_open_telemetry_exporter:id`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `sampler` (String) Sampler
  - CLI Alias: `sampler`
  - Reference to: `datapower_open_telemetry_sampler:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `resource_attribute` (Attributes List) Resource attributes
  - CLI Alias: `resource-attribute` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_attribute))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_attribute`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key
