docs/resources/opentelemetryexporter.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_opentelemetryexporter Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry exporter
  CLI Alias: otel-exporter
---

# datapower_opentelemetryexporter (Resource)

OpenTelemetry exporter
  - CLI Alias: `otel-exporter`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_opentelemetryexporter" "test" {
  id         = "OpenTelemetryExporter_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  type       = "http"
  host_name  = "localhost"
  port       = 4318
  processor  = "batch"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `host_name` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `hostname`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `export_delay_interval` (Number) Export interval
  - CLI Alias: `export-delay-interval`
  - Default value: `5000`
- `header` (Attributes List) Headers
  - CLI Alias: `header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header))
- `http_content_type` (String) Content-Type
  - CLI Alias: `http-content-type`
  - Choices: `json`, `binary`
  - Default value: `json`
- `max_export_size` (Number) Max export size
  - CLI Alias: `max-export-size`
  - Default value: `512`
- `max_queue_size` (Number) Max queue size
  - CLI Alias: `max-queue-size`
  - Default value: `2048`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `4318`
- `processor` (String) Processor
  - CLI Alias: `processor`
  - Choices: `simple`, `batch`
  - Default value: `batch`
- `proxy_policies` (Attributes List) Proxy policies
  - CLI Alias: `proxy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy_policies))
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Default value: `10`
- `traces_path` (String) Traces
  - CLI Alias: `traces-path`
  - Default value: `/v1/traces`
- `type` (String) Exporter type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `http`, `grpc`
  - Default value: `http`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `password` (String) Password
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `remote_address` (String) Remote host
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote port
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `skip` (Boolean) Skip
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_name` (String) Username

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/opentelemetryexporter.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_opentelemetryexporter Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenTelemetry exporter
  CLI Alias: otel-exporter
---

# datapower_opentelemetryexporter (Resource)

OpenTelemetry exporter
  - CLI Alias: `otel-exporter`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_opentelemetryexporter" "test" {
  id         = "OpenTelemetryExporter_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  type       = "http"
  host_name  = "localhost"
  port       = 4318
  processor  = "batch"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `host_name` (String) Host
  - CLI Alias: `hostname`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `export_delay_interval` (Number) Export interval
  - CLI Alias: `export-delay-interval`
  - Default value: `5000`
- `header` (Attributes List) Headers
  - CLI Alias: `header` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header))
- `http_content_type` (String) Content-Type
  - CLI Alias: `http-content-type`
  - Choices: `json`, `binary`
  - Default value: `json`
- `max_export_size` (Number) Max export size
  - CLI Alias: `max-export-size`
  - Default value: `512`
- `max_queue_size` (Number) Max queue size
  - CLI Alias: `max-queue-size`
  - Default value: `2048`
- `port` (Number) Port
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `4318`
- `processor` (String) Processor
  - CLI Alias: `processor`
  - Choices: `simple`, `batch`
  - Default value: `batch`
- `proxy_policies` (Attributes List) Proxy policies
  - CLI Alias: `proxy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy_policies))
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Default value: `10`
- `traces_path` (String) Traces
  - CLI Alias: `traces-path`
  - Default value: `/v1/traces`
- `type` (String) Exporter type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `http`, `grpc`
  - Default value: `http`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header`

Required:

- `header_value` (String) Value

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) Name


<a id="nestedatt--proxy_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy_policies`

Required:

- `reg_exp` (String) URL matching expression

Optional:

- `password` (String) Password
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `remote_address` (String) Remote host
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote port
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `skip` (Boolean) Skip
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_name` (String) Username
