---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_parse_settings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Parse settings define the constraints to parsie documents. These constraints overwrite the parser limits in the XML manager. These settings provide threat protection.
  CLI Alias: parse-settings
---

# datapower_parse_settings (Resource)

Parse settings define the constraints to parsie documents. These constraints overwrite the parser limits in the XML manager. These settings provide threat protection.
  - CLI Alias: `parse-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_parse_settings" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestParseSettings"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `document_size` (Number) Specify the maximum document size in bytes. A document is rejected when its size exceeds the maximum size. Enter a value in the range 0 - 5368709121. The default value is 4194304. A value of 0 indicates unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the document size. This setting is applicable to binary, JSON, XML, and GraphQL documents.
  - CLI Alias: `document-size`
  - Range: `0`-`5368709121`
  - Default value: `4194304`
- `document_type` (String) Specify the type of document to parse. By default, the document type is automatically detected.
  - CLI Alias: `document-type`
  - Choices: `detect`, `xml`, `json`, `binary`, `graphql`
  - Default value: `detect`
- `name_length` (Number) Specify the maximum name length in bytes. A document is rejected when its name length exceeds the maximum length. Enter a value in the range 0 - 8192. The default value is 256. A value of 0 indicates unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the name length. This setting is applicable to XML, JSON, and GraphQL documents. <ul><li>For XML, applies to the length of the name portion of a tag.</li><li>For JSON, applies to the length of the label portion of the JSON label-value pair.</li><li>For GraphQL, applies to the length of the identifiers, which includes field and directive names.</li></ul><p>The length includes any white space between tags in XML or quotation marks in JSON.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `name-length`
  - Range: `0`-`8192`
  - Default value: `256`
- `nesting_depth` (Number) Specify the maximum level of nested element depth. A document is rejected when its nesting depth exceeds the maximum depth. Enter a value in the range 0 - 4096. The default value is 512. A value of 0 indicates unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the nesting depth. This setting is applicable to XML, JSON, and GraphQL documents. <ul><li>For XML, applies to the maximum level of element depth.</li><li>For JSON, applies to the maximum number of nested label-value pairs, the maximum number of nested arrays, or the maximum number of combination of label-value pairs and arrays.</li><li>For GraphQL, applies to the maximum level of nested selection sets.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `nesting-depth`
  - Range: `0`-`4096`
  - Default value: `512`
- `number_length` (Number) Specify the maximum number length in bytes for the value portion of a label-value pair when the value is a number. The number must be a contiguous string of bytes that contain no white space. The number can include a minus sign and a positive or negative exponent. A document is rejected when the number length in the document exceeds the maximum length. Enter a value in the range 0 - 256. The default value is 128. A value of 0 indicates unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the number length.
  - CLI Alias: `number-length`
  - Range: `0`-`256`
  - Default value: `128`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `strict_utf8encoding` (Boolean) Specify whether to enforce strict UTF-8 encoding throughout the entire JSON document. When enabled, the entire document is checked for valid UTF-8 encoding. When disabled, only the first few bytes are checked for proper encoding and the rest of the document is assumed to be in the same encoding.
  - CLI Alias: `strict-utf8-encoding`
  - Default value: `false`
- `unique_names` (Number) Specify the maximum number of unique names. A document is rejected when its number of unique names exceeds the maximum number. Enter a value in the range 0 - 1048575. The default value is 1024. A value of 0 indicates an unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the number of unique names. This setting applies to XML and JSON documents. <ul><li>For XML, applies to the number of unique XML local names.</li><li>For JSON, applies to the number of unique JSON labels.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `unique-names`
  - Range: `0`-`1048575`
  - Default value: `1024`
- `unique_namespaces` (Number) Specify the maximum number of unique XML namespace URIs. This count includes all XML namespaces. A document is rejected when its number of unique namespaces exceeds the maximum number. Enter a value in the range 0 - 65535. The default value is 1024. A value of 0 indicates an unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the number of unique namespaces.
  - CLI Alias: `unique-namespaces`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1024`
- `unique_prefixes` (Number) Specify the maximum number of unique XML namespace prefixes. This count includes multiple prefixes for the same namespace, but not multiple namespaces in different parts of the document under a single prefix. A document is rejected when its number of unique prefixes exceeds the maximum number. Enter a value in the range 0 - 262143. The default value is 1024. A value of 0 indicates unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the number of unique prefixes.
  - CLI Alias: `unique-prefixes`
  - Range: `0`-`262143`
  - Default value: `1024`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `value_length` (Number) Specify the maximum value length in bytes. A document is rejected when its value length exceeds the maximum length. Enter a value in the range 0 - 5368709121. The default value is 8192. A value of 0 indicates unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the value length. This setting is applicable to XML, JSON, and GraphQL documents. <ul><li>For XML, applies to the length of an attribute or text value.</li><li>For JSON, applies to the length of a string value.</li><li>For GraphQL, applies to the number of bytes in any string from which GraphQL is composed.</li></ul><p>The length includes any white space between tags in XML or quotation marks in JSON.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `value-length`
  - Range: `0`-`5368709121`
  - Default value: `8192`
- `width` (Number) Specify the maximum width of the payload. A document is rejected when its width exceeds the maximum width. Enter a value in the range 0 - 65535. The default value is 4096. A value of 0 indicates unlimited. When 0, the action does not return the width. This setting is application to XML, JSON, and GraphQL documents. <ul><li>For XML applies to the maximum number of attributes on an element and the maximum number of child elements for an element.</li><li>For JSON, applies to the maximum number of properties on a JSON object and the maximum number of JSON items in a JSON array</li><li>For GraphQL, applies to the maximum number of selections in a selection set.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `width`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `4096`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
