---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_password_alias Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The password map alias provides the mapping of an alias to a plaintext password. The alias is a publicly known reference that is included in configuration files and exports. With an alias you keep the real password secret because the plaintext value for the password is stored in an encrypted file. The password for the alias cannot be viewed or accessed by anyone. Only the system can extract the password that it uses internally. No aliased passwords are written to configuration files. The mapping is not part of a backup or export operation. The mapping is part of the secure backup-restore operations.
  CLI Alias: password-alias
---

# datapower_password_alias (Resource)

The password map alias provides the mapping of an alias to a plaintext password. The alias is a publicly known reference that is included in configuration files and exports. With an alias you keep the real password secret because the plaintext value for the password is stored in an encrypted file. The password for the alias cannot be viewed or accessed by anyone. Only the system can extract the password that it uses internally. <p>No aliased passwords are written to configuration files. The mapping is not part of a backup or export operation. The mapping is part of the secure backup-restore operations.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_password_alias" "test" {
  id                  = "ResTestPasswordAlias"
  app_domain          = "acceptance_test"
  password_wo         = "password"
  password_wo_version = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `password_wo` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Password
  - CLI Alias: `password`
- `password_wo_version` (Number) Changes to this value trigger an update to `write_only` value.
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
