---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_passwordalias Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Password map alias
  CLI Alias: password-alias
---

# datapower_passwordalias (Resource)

Password map alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_passwordalias" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestPasswordAlias"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  password   = "password"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `password` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Password
  - CLI Alias: `password`
- `password_update` (Boolean, Deprecated) Set to true by provider if the WRITE ONLY value needs to be updated, otherwise provider will force this to false.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
