---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_peer_group Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A collection of systems that automatically update each other with real time data of the selected type. For example, members in the group exchange data to allow the enforcement of a policy across the collection.
  CLI Alias: peer-group
---

# datapower_peer_group (Resource)

A collection of systems that automatically update each other with real time data of the selected type. For example, members in the group exchange data to allow the enforcement of a policy across the collection.
  - CLI Alias: `peer-group`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_peer_group" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestPeerGroup"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  type       = "slm"
  url        = ["http://localhost"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `ip_multicast` (String) IP multicast
  - CLI Alias: `ip-multicast`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ip_multicast:id`
  - Required When: `type`=`slm-multicast`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `type` (String) Type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `slm`, `slm-multicast`
  - Default value: `slm`
- `update_interval` (Number) Specify the update interval in milliseconds that data is transmitted among peers.
  - CLI Alias: `update-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`10000`
  - Default value: `10`
  - Required When: `type`=`slm-multicast`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `url` (List of String) Specify the URL of each peer in the <tt>protocol://address:port</tt> format for an Ethernet interface or a VLAN interface. For unicast peering, peers exchange SLM data over the XML management interface as SOAP over HTTPS. Multicast peering shares the initial SLM state using SOAP over HTTPS; the data transfers are done using multicast. <p>The default port for the XML Management Interface is 5550. If this port is changed on any peer, the URL must reflect the correct port.</p><p>Define all peers, which includes the local system.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `url`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
