---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_policy_attachments Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and configure ws-policy attachments for WSDLs
  CLI Alias: policy-attachments
---

# datapower_policy_attachments (Resource)

Create and configure ws-policy attachments for WSDLs
  - CLI Alias: `policy-attachments`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_policy_attachments" "test" {
  id                   = "ResTestPolicyAttachments"
  app_domain           = "acceptance_test"
  enforcement_mode     = "enforce"
  policy_references    = false
  sla_enforcement_mode = "allow-if-no-sla"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enforcement_mode` (String) Enforcement Mode defines how the service uses WS-Policy to ensure that messages meet security requirements. The default behavior is enforce.
  - CLI Alias: `enforcement-mode`
  - Choices: `filter`, `enforce`
  - Default value: `enforce`
- `external_policy` (Attributes List) Associate an external policy with a service.
  - CLI Alias: `external-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_policy))
- `ignored_policy_attachment_points` (Attributes List) Disable all policies attached by policy references at a configured attachment point leaving other policy references intact.
  - CLI Alias: `ignore-attachment-point`
  - Not Valid When: `policy_references`=`false` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ignored_policy_attachment_points))
- `policy_references` (Boolean) Enable policies attached to WSDL using PolicyURI attributes and PolicyReference elements. These attachments are sometimes called XML element attachments. If 'off', all PolicyURI attributes and PolicyReference elements are ignored and only external policies are enforced.
  - CLI Alias: `policy-references`
  - Default value: `false`
- `sla_enforcement_mode` (String) SLA Enforcement Mode controls the application of SLA Policies to transactions. Transactions are either allowed or rejected based on whether an SLA rule is applied to the transaction.
  - CLI Alias: `sla-enforcement-mode`
  - Choices: `allow-if-no-sla`, `reject-if-no-sla`
  - Default value: `allow-if-no-sla`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--external_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_policy`

Required:

- `external_attach_policy_url` (String) Select a document containing policy to be attached

Optional:

- `external_attach_message_content_filter` (String) Enter the name of the message content filters object that specifies the service consumer
  - Reference to: `datapower_message_content_filters:id`
- `external_attach_message_content_filter_service_provider` (String) Enter the name of the message content filters object that specifies the service provider
  - Reference to: `datapower_message_content_filters:id`
- `external_attach_policy_fragment_id` (String) Matches Fragment Identifier
  - Not Valid When: `external_attach_wsdl_component_type`=`rest`
- `external_attach_wsdl_component_type` (String) Select a type of Component
  - Choices: `service`, `port`, `fragmentid`, `rest`
- `external_attach_wsdl_component_value` (String) Enter the qname of a WSDL component formatted {ns}ncname
  - Required When: `external_attach_wsdl_component_type`!=`rest`
  - Not Valid When: `external_attach_wsdl_component_type`=`rest`


<a id="nestedatt--ignored_policy_attachment_points"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ignored_policy_attachment_points`

Optional:

- `policy_attach_fragment_id` (String) Matches Fragment Identifier
- `policy_attach_wsdl_component_type` (String) Select a type of WSDL Component
  - Choices: `service`, `port`, `fragmentid`, `rest`
- `policy_attach_wsdl_component_value` (String) Enter the qname of a wsdl component formatted {ns}ncname
