docs/resources/pop_poller_source_protocol_handler.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_pop_poller_source_protocol_handler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Post Office Protocol (POP) handler manages the polling of a mailbox on a mail server. The mailbox receives mail messages from external partners. The handler retrieves and deletes mail messages on each polling cycle. Each mail message that The handler retrieves results in one transaction.
  CLI Alias: source-pop-pollerAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_pop_poller_source_protocol_handler (Resource)

The Post Office Protocol (POP) handler manages the polling of a mailbox on a mail server. The mailbox receives mail messages from external partners. The handler retrieves and deletes mail messages on each polling cycle. Each mail message that The handler retrieves results in one transaction.
  - CLI Alias: `source-pop-poller`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_pop_poller_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id                    = "ResTestPOPPollerSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain            = "acceptance_test"
  mail_server           = "localhost"
  port                  = 8888
  conn_security         = "none"
  account               = "account"
  password_alias        = "AccTest_PasswordAlias"
  delay_between_polls   = 300
  max_messages_per_poll = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The name to access the mailbox on the server; for example, user@example.com.
  - CLI Alias: `account`
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `mail_server` (String) The host name or IP address of the mail server.
  - CLI Alias: `mail-server`
- `password_alias` (String) The password alias of the password for the account that accesses the mailbox on the server.
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `port` (Number) The listening port on the mail server. STARTTLS negotiation and an unsecured connection generally use port 110. An implicit, secured connection generally uses port 995.
  - CLI Alias: `port`

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String) The type of authentication to use. If authentication fails, no connection is made.
  - CLI Alias: `auth-method`
  - Choices: `basic`, `apop`
  - Default value: `basic`
- `conn_security` (String) - CLI Alias: `connection-security`
  - Choices: `none`, `stls`, `ssl`
  - Default value: `none`
- `delay_between_polls` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds between polling sequences. A <em>polling sequence</em> is the time to retrieve the messages plus the time to complete their processing. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 300. <p><b>Note:</b> Some mail servers restrict the number of times an account can establish a connection during a specific time period. Ensure that the configured interval complies with any restriction.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `delay-time`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `300`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `max_messages_per_poll` (Number) Specify the maximum number of messages to retrieve in each polling cycle. Enter a value in the range 1 - 100. The default value is 5.
  - CLI Alias: `max-messages-per-poll`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `5`
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Required When: (`conn_security`!=`none` AND `ssl_client_config_type`=`client`)
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
  - Required When: `conn_security`!=`none`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added `ignored_when` logic and attribute validators for conditionally ignoring attributes

docs/resources/pop_poller_source_protocol_handler.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_pop_poller_source_protocol_handler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Post Office Protocol (POP) handler manages the polling of a mailbox on a mail server. The mailbox receives mail messages from external partners. The handler retrieves and deletes mail messages on each polling cycle. Each mail message that The handler retrieves results in one transaction.
  CLI Alias: source-pop-pollerAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_pop_poller_source_protocol_handler (Resource)

The Post Office Protocol (POP) handler manages the polling of a mailbox on a mail server. The mailbox receives mail messages from external partners. The handler retrieves and deletes mail messages on each polling cycle. Each mail message that The handler retrieves results in one transaction.
  - CLI Alias: `source-pop-poller`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_pop_poller_source_protocol_handler" "test" {
  id                    = "ResTestPOPPollerSourceProtocolHandler"
  app_domain            = "acceptance_test"
  mail_server           = "localhost"
  port                  = 8888
  conn_security         = "none"
  account               = "account"
  password_alias        = "AccTest_PasswordAlias"
  delay_between_polls   = 300
  max_messages_per_poll = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The name to access the mailbox on the server; for example, user@example.com.
  - CLI Alias: `account`
- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `mail_server` (String) The host name or IP address of the mail server.
  - CLI Alias: `mail-server`
- `password_alias` (String) The password alias of the password for the account that accesses the mailbox on the server.
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `port` (Number) The listening port on the mail server. STARTTLS negotiation and an unsecured connection generally use port 110. An implicit, secured connection generally uses port 995.
  - CLI Alias: `port`

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String) The type of authentication to use. If authentication fails, no connection is made.
  - CLI Alias: `auth-method`
  - Choices: `basic`, `apop`
  - Default value: `basic`
- `conn_security` (String) - CLI Alias: `connection-security`
  - Choices: `none`, `stls`, `ssl`
  - Default value: `none`
- `delay_between_polls` (Number) Specify the interval in seconds between polling sequences. A <em>polling sequence</em> is the time to retrieve the messages plus the time to complete their processing. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 300. <p><b>Note:</b> Some mail servers restrict the number of times an account can establish a connection during a specific time period. Ensure that the configured interval complies with any restriction.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `delay-time`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `300`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `max_messages_per_poll` (Number) Specify the maximum number of messages to retrieve in each polling cycle. Enter a value in the range 1 - 100. The default value is 5.
  - CLI Alias: `max-messages-per-poll`
  - Range: `1`-`100`
  - Default value: `5`
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Required When: (`conn_security`!=`none` AND `ssl_client_config_type`=`client`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
  - Required When: `conn_security`!=`none`
  - Not Valid When: `conn_security`=`none`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
