---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_probe Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The domain-specific configuration that define the settings for the probe that you can use to troubleshoot the processing of transactions by services.
  CLI Alias: probe-settings
---

# datapower_probe (Resource)

The domain-specific configuration that define the settings for the probe that you can use to troubleshoot the processing of transactions by services.
  - CLI Alias: `probe-settings`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_probe" "test" {
  app_domain      = "acceptance_test"
  max_records     = 1000
  gateway_peering = "default-gateway-peering"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `gateway_peering` (String) Specify the gateway-peering instance for the probe. This instance synchronizes the captured data across the members. If you do not want to persist data across a restart, store the data in memory.
  - CLI Alias: `gateway-peering`
  - Reference to: `datapower_gateway_peering:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `expiration` (Number) Specify the duration in seconds to retain the troubleshooting data. Enter a value in the range 60 - 86400. The default value is 3600.
  - CLI Alias: `expiration`
  - Range: `60`-`86400`
  - Default value: `3600`
- `max_records` (Number) Specify the maximum number of records to allow. Enter a value in the range 1 - 10000. The default value is 1000.
  - CLI Alias: `max-records`
  - Range: `1`-`10000`
  - Default value: `1000`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
