docs/resources/processingmetadata.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_processingmetadata Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Processing Metadata
  CLI Alias: metadata
---

# datapower_processingmetadata (Resource)

Processing Metadata
  - CLI Alias: `metadata`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_processingmetadata" "test" {
  id         = "___ProcessingMetadata_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `meta_item` (Attributes List) Metadata Item
  - CLI Alias: `meta-item` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta_item))
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--meta_item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta_item`

Required:

- `meta_category` (String) Metadata Category
  - Choices: `all`, `mq`, `tibco`, `wasjms`, `http`, `CUSTOMIZABLE`, `header`, `variable`
- `meta_name` (String) Metadata Item

Optional:

- `data_source` (String) Custom Data Source


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/processingmetadata.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_processingmetadata Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Processing Metadata
  CLI Alias: metadata
---

# datapower_processingmetadata (Resource)

Processing Metadata
  - CLI Alias: `metadata`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_processingmetadata" "test" {
  id         = "___ProcessingMetadata_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `meta_item` (Attributes List) Metadata Item
  - CLI Alias: `meta-item` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta_item))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--meta_item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta_item`

Required:

- `meta_category` (String) Metadata Category
  - Choices: `all`, `mq`, `tibco`, `wasjms`, `http`, `CUSTOMIZABLE`, `header`, `variable`
- `meta_name` (String) Metadata Item

Optional:

- `data_source` (String) Custom Data Source
