docs/resources/quotaenforcementserver.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_quotaenforcementserver Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Quota Enforcement Server (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: quota-enforcement-server
---

# datapower_quotaenforcementserver (Resource)

Quota Enforcement Server (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `quota-enforcement-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_quotaenforcementserver" "test" {
  server_port  = 16379
  monitor_port = 26379
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `enable_peer_group` (Boolean) Peer group mode
  - CLI Alias: `enable-peer-group`
  - Default value: `false`
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Enable TLS
  - CLI Alias: `enable-ssl`
  - Default value: `true`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ip_address` (String) IP address
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
- `monitor_port` (Number) Monitor port
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-port`
  - Default value: `26379`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `peers` (List of String) Peers
  - CLI Alias: `peer`
- `priority` (Number) Priority
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Range: `0`-`255`
  - Default value: `100`
- `raid_volume` (String) Data storage location
  - CLI Alias: `raid-volume`
  - Reference to: `datapower_raidvolume:id`
- `server_port` (Number) Server port
  - CLI Alias: `server-port`
  - Default value: `16379`
- `ssl_crypto_certificate` (String) Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `ssl_crypto_key` (String) Crypto key
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokey:id`
- `strict_mode` (Boolean) Strict mode
  - CLI Alias: `strict-mode`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/quotaenforcementserver.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_quotaenforcementserver Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Quota Enforcement Server (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: quota-enforcement-server
---

# datapower_quotaenforcementserver (Resource)

Quota Enforcement Server (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `quota-enforcement-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_quotaenforcementserver" "test" {
  server_port  = 16379
  monitor_port = 26379
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_peer_group` (Boolean) Peer group mode
  - CLI Alias: `enable-peer-group`
  - Default value: `false`
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Enable TLS
  - CLI Alias: `enable-ssl`
  - Default value: `true`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ip_address` (String) IP address
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
- `monitor_port` (Number) Monitor port
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-port`
  - Default value: `26379`
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `peers` (List of String) Peers
  - CLI Alias: `peer`
- `priority` (Number) Priority
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Range: `0`-`255`
  - Default value: `100`
- `raid_volume` (String) Data storage location
  - CLI Alias: `raid-volume`
  - Reference to: `datapower_raidvolume:id`
- `server_port` (Number) Server port
  - CLI Alias: `server-port`
  - Default value: `16379`
- `ssl_crypto_certificate` (String) Certificate
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-cert`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptocertificate:id`
- `ssl_crypto_key` (String) Crypto key
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptokey:id`
- `strict_mode` (Boolean) Strict mode
  - CLI Alias: `strict-mode`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
