---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_raidvolume Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_raidvolume (Resource)

<p>Configure a RAID volume for data storage.</p><ol><li>The access permission to files on the storage volume. With the B2B feature, access permission must be read/write. B2B storage requires write access. Setting to read-only is ignored but generates a warning.</li><li>The subdirectory where files on the storage volume are available in the <tt>local:</tt> and <tt>logstore:</tt> directories. Each domain contains these subdirectories, and these subdirectories are not shared across domains.</li></ol>
  - CLI Alias: `raid-volume`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_raidvolume" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `directory` (String) The subdirectory where the files on the storage volume are available. The name can be up to 64 characters long. The name cannot start with a period. The name can use all alphanumeric characters and the following special characters: . - _.
  - CLI Alias: `directory`
- `read_only` (Boolean) <p>The access permission to files on the storage volume.</p><ul><li>When enabled, access permission is read-only. With the B2B feature, access permission must be read/write. B2B storage requires write access to the RAID volume. Setting to read-only is ignored but generates a warning.</li><li>When disabled, the default value, access permission is read/write.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `read-only`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
