docs/resources/samlattributes.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_samlattributes Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SAML Attributes
  CLI Alias: samlattrs
---

# datapower_samlattributes (Resource)

SAML Attributes
  - CLI Alias: `samlattrs`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_samlattributes" "test" {
  id         = "SAMLAttributes_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `saml_attribute` (Attributes List) SAML Attribute Definition
  - CLI Alias: `attribute` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_attribute))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--saml_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_attribute`

Required:

- `source_type` (String) Data Source Type
  - Choices: `var`, `xpath`, `static`

Optional:

- `format` (String) Attribute NameSpace/Format
- `friendly_name` (String) Friendly Name
- `name` (String) Name
- `sub_value_data` (String) Supplementary Data
- `value_data` (String) Data for Attribute Value
- `x_path` (String) XPath to Input Message

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/samlattributes.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_samlattributes Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SAML Attributes
  CLI Alias: samlattrs
---

# datapower_samlattributes (Resource)

SAML Attributes
  - CLI Alias: `samlattrs`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_samlattributes" "test" {
  id         = "SAMLAttributes_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `saml_attribute` (Attributes List) SAML Attribute Definition
  - CLI Alias: `attribute` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_attribute))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--saml_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_attribute`

Required:

- `source_type` (String) Data Source Type
  - Choices: `var`, `xpath`, `static`

Optional:

- `format` (String) Attribute NameSpace/Format
- `friendly_name` (String) Friendly Name
- `name` (String) Name
- `sub_value_data` (String) Supplementary Data
- `value_data` (String) Data for Attribute Value
- `x_path` (String) XPath to Input Message
