---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_schemaexceptionmap Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This object describes exceptions to an XML Schema by identifying elements of the schema that may be encrypted in an instance document. When Schema Validation is performed on the document using this Exception Map, encrypted elements are considered valid when they appear in place of the specified elements.
  CLI Alias: schema-exception-map
---

# datapower_schemaexceptionmap (Resource)

This object describes exceptions to an XML Schema by identifying elements of the schema that may be encrypted in an instance document. When Schema Validation is performed on the document using this Exception Map, encrypted elements are considered valid when they appear in place of the specified elements.
  - CLI Alias: `schema-exception-map`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_schemaexceptionmap" "test" {
  id                  = "ResTestSchemaExceptionMap"
  app_domain          = "acceptance_test"
  original_schema_url = "http://localhost"
  schema_exception_rules = [{
    x_path         = "*"
    exception_type = "AllowEncrypted"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `original_schema_url` (String) This is the location of the full original schema document. This is required. This may reside on or off the device.
  - CLI Alias: `original-schema`
- `schema_exception_rules` (Attributes List) Rules describe what elements may be excepted from the schema validation when the Original Schema is used for Schema Validation.
  - CLI Alias: `rule` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_exception_rules))

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--schema_exception_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_exception_rules`

Required:

- `x_path` (String) This is an XPath expression that identifies elements of the Schema document. These are the elements excepted from schema validation.

Optional:

- `exception_type` (String) Select the Exception type for encryption.
  - Choices: `AllowEncrypted`, `RequireEncrypted`
  - Default value: `AllowEncrypted`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
