---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_securebackupmode Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Sets the backup operational mode. This mode controls whether a secure-backup is allowed. After this mode is set, it cannot be changed. Operational modes are set the first time the DataPower Gateway is started.
  CLI Alias: secure-mode
---

# datapower_securebackupmode (Resource)

Sets the backup operational mode. This mode controls whether a secure-backup is allowed. After this mode is set, it cannot be changed. Operational modes are set the first time the DataPower Gateway is started.
  - CLI Alias: `secure-mode`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_securebackupmode" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `mode` (String) <p>Sets the backup mode to support, when this operational mode is not previously set.</p><p>The creation of a secure backup is available only when secure backup mode is enabled. Unlike a standard backup, a secure backup contains private data (certificates, keys, and user data), which the DataPower Gateway encrypts with a customer-provided and a DataPower certificate.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `mode`
  - Choices: `normal`, `secure`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `user_summary` (String) A descriptive summary for the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
