docs/resources/securebackupmode.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_securebackupmode Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Backup Mode (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: secure-mode
---

# datapower_securebackupmode (Resource)

Backup Mode (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `secure-mode`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_securebackupmode" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `mode` (String) Backup mode
  - CLI Alias: `mode`
  - Choices: `normal`, `secure`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/securebackupmode.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_securebackupmode Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Backup Mode (default domain only)
  CLI Alias: secure-mode
---

# datapower_securebackupmode (Resource)

Backup Mode (`default` domain only)
  - CLI Alias: `secure-mode`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_securebackupmode" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative state
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `mode` (String) Backup mode
  - CLI Alias: `mode`
  - Choices: `normal`, `secure`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
