docs/resources/slm_cred_class.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_cred_class Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.
  CLI Alias: slm-cred
---

# datapower_slm_cred_class (Resource)

An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. <ul><li>A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.</li><li>A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.</li><li>Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `slm-cred`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_slm_cred_class" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestSLMCredClass"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  cred_type  = "aaa-mapped-credential"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `cred_match_type` (String) Match Type
  - CLI Alias: `match-type`
  - Choices: `per-extracted-value`, `exact-match`, `regexp-match`
  - Default value: `per-extracted-value`
  - Required When: `cred_type`!=`custom-stylesheet`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `cred_type` (String) Specify the manner to obtain the credentials (user identity) for each transaction. The default value is mapped credentials from an AAA action.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `aaa-mapped-credential`, `aaa-username`, `mq-application`, `client-ip`, `request-header`, `ip-from-header`, `custom-stylesheet`
  - Default value: `aaa-mapped-credential`
- `cred_value` (List of String) Credential value
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Not Valid When: (`cred_match_type`!=`exact-match`|`regexp-match` OR `cred_type`=`custom-stylesheet`)
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `header` (String) Request header
  - CLI Alias: `header`
  - Required When: `cred_type`=`ip-from-header`|`request-header`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `stylesheet` (String) Custom stylesheet
  - CLI Alias: `stylesheet`
  - Required When: `cred_type`=`custom-stylesheet`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/slm_cred_class.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_cred_class Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.
  CLI Alias: slm-cred
---

# datapower_slm_cred_class (Resource)

An SLM credentials class identifies a set of users (credentials) to be subject to an SLM policy. An SLM credentials class consists of the following types and properties. <ul><li>A credential type that specifies the manner to obtain user credentials.</li><li>A match type that determines the credentials to apply to the policy.</li><li>Depending on the credentials and match type, properties that identify specific instances of credentials.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `slm-cred`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_slm_cred_class" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestSLMCredClass"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  cred_type  = "aaa-mapped-credential"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `cred_match_type` (String) Match Type
  - CLI Alias: `match-type`
  - Choices: `per-extracted-value`, `exact-match`, `regexp-match`
  - Default value: `per-extracted-value`
  - Required When: `cred_type`!=`custom-stylesheet`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `cred_type` (String) Specify the manner to obtain the credentials (user identity) for each transaction. The default value is mapped credentials from an AAA action.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `aaa-mapped-credential`, `aaa-username`, `mq-application`, `client-ip`, `request-header`, `ip-from-header`, `custom-stylesheet`
  - Default value: `aaa-mapped-credential`
- `cred_value` (List of String) Credential value
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Not Valid When: (`cred_match_type`!=`exact-match`|`regexp-match` OR `cred_type`=`custom-stylesheet`)
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `header` (String) Request header
  - CLI Alias: `header`
  - Required When: `cred_type`=`ip-from-header`|`request-header`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `stylesheet` (String) Custom stylesheet
  - CLI Alias: `stylesheet`
  - Required When: `cred_type`=`custom-stylesheet`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
