docs/resources/slm_rsrc_class.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_rsrc_class Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_slm_rsrc_class (Resource)

<p>An SLM resource class identifies a set of resources to be subject to an SLM policy. A resource class consists of the following types and properties.</p><ul><li>A resource type that specifies the manner to identify resources.</li><li>A match type that determines the resources to apply the policy.</li><li>Depending on the resource and match type, properties that identify specific instances of resources.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `slm-rsrc`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_slm_rsrc_class" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestSLMRsrcClass"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  rsrc_type  = "aaa-mapped-resource"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `rsrc_match_type` (String) Match type
  - CLI Alias: `match-type`
  - Choices: `per-extracted-value`, `exact-match`, `regexp-match`
  - Default value: `per-extracted-value`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`!=`xpath-filter`|`request-message`|`response-message`|`soap-fault`|`custom-stylesheet`|`concurrent-connections`|`concurrent-transactions`|`uddi-subscription`|`wsrr-subscription`|`wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
- `rsrc_type` (String) Resource type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `aaa-mapped-resource`, `front-url`, `destination-url`, `xpath-filter`, `request-message`, `response-message`, `soap-fault`, `errorcode`, `custom-stylesheet`, `concurrent-connections`, `concurrent-transactions`, `wsdl`, `wsdl-service`, `wsdl-port`, `wsdl-operation`, `request-mq-qname`, `reply-mq-qname`, `uddi-subscription`, `wsrr-subscription`, `wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
  - Default value: `aaa-mapped-resource`
- `rsrc_value` (List of String) Resource value
  - CLI Alias: `value`
- `stylesheet` (String) Custom stylesheet
  - CLI Alias: `stylesheet`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`custom-stylesheet`
- `subscription` (String) UDDI subscription (deprecated)
  - CLI Alias: `subscription`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`uddi-subscription`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `wsrr_saved_search_subscription` (String) WSRR saved search subscription
  - CLI Alias: `wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsrr_saved_search_subscription:id`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
- `wsrr_subscription` (String) WSRR subscription
  - CLI Alias: `wsrr-subscription`
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsrr_subscription:id`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`wsrr-subscription`
- `xpath_filter` (String) XPath filter
  - CLI Alias: `xpath-filter`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`xpath-filter`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added `ignored_when` logic and attribute validators for conditionally ignoring attributes

docs/resources/slm_rsrc_class.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_rsrc_class Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_slm_rsrc_class (Resource)

<p>An SLM resource class identifies a set of resources to be subject to an SLM policy. A resource class consists of the following types and properties.</p><ul><li>A resource type that specifies the manner to identify resources.</li><li>A match type that determines the resources to apply the policy.</li><li>Depending on the resource and match type, properties that identify specific instances of resources.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `slm-rsrc`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_slm_rsrc_class" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestSLMRsrcClass"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  rsrc_type  = "aaa-mapped-resource"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `rsrc_match_type` (String) Match type
  - CLI Alias: `match-type`
  - Choices: `per-extracted-value`, `exact-match`, `regexp-match`
  - Default value: `per-extracted-value`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`!=`xpath-filter`|`request-message`|`response-message`|`soap-fault`|`custom-stylesheet`|`concurrent-connections`|`concurrent-transactions`|`uddi-subscription`|`wsrr-subscription`|`wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `rsrc_type` (String) Resource type
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `aaa-mapped-resource`, `front-url`, `destination-url`, `xpath-filter`, `request-message`, `response-message`, `soap-fault`, `errorcode`, `custom-stylesheet`, `concurrent-connections`, `concurrent-transactions`, `wsdl`, `wsdl-service`, `wsdl-port`, `wsdl-operation`, `request-mq-qname`, `reply-mq-qname`, `uddi-subscription`, `wsrr-subscription`, `wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
  - Default value: `aaa-mapped-resource`
- `rsrc_value` (List of String) Resource value
  - CLI Alias: `value`
  - Not Valid When: ((`rsrc_match_type`!=`exact-match` AND `rsrc_match_type`!=`regexp-match`) OR `rsrc_type`=`uddi-subscription`|`wsrr-subscription`|`wsrr-saved-search-subscription`|`request-message`|`response-message`|`soap-fault`|`xpath-filter`|`custom-stylesheet`|`concurrent-connections`|`concurrent-transactions`)
- `stylesheet` (String) Custom stylesheet
  - CLI Alias: `stylesheet`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`custom-stylesheet`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `subscription` (String) UDDI subscription (deprecated)
  - CLI Alias: `subscription`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`uddi-subscription`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `wsrr_saved_search_subscription` (String) WSRR saved search subscription
  - CLI Alias: `wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsrr_saved_search_subscription:id`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`wsrr-saved-search-subscription`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `wsrr_subscription` (String) WSRR subscription
  - CLI Alias: `wsrr-subscription`
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsrr_subscription:id`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`wsrr-subscription`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `xpath_filter` (String) XPath filter
  - CLI Alias: `xpath-filter`
  - Required When: `rsrc_type`=`xpath-filter`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
