---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_slm_schedule Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SLM schedule defines the time period (hours and days) to enforce the statements in an SLM policy. Schedules allow the application of different statements during different time periods.
  CLI Alias: slm-sched
---

# datapower_slm_schedule (Resource)

An SLM schedule defines the time period (hours and days) to enforce the statements in an SLM policy. Schedules allow the application of different statements during different time periods.
  - CLI Alias: `slm-sched`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_slm_schedule" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestSLMSchedule"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  days_of_week = {
  }
  start_time = "12:34:00"
  duration   = 1440
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `start_time` (String) Start Time
  - CLI Alias: `start`

### Optional

- `days_of_week` (Attributes) Specify the days to enforce the schedule. The time and duration apply to all selected days.
  - CLI Alias: `days` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--days_of_week))
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `duration` (Number) Specify the duration in minutes to enforce the schedule. Enter any value of 1 - 1440. The default value is 1440.
  - CLI Alias: `duration`
  - Range: `1`-`1440`
  - Default value: `1440`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `start_date` (String) Start date
  - CLI Alias: `start-date`
- `stop_date` (String) Specify the stop date to enforce the schedule. The enforcement period does not include the stop date.
  - CLI Alias: `stop-date`
- `time_zone` (String) Specify the time zone to enforce the schedule. The default is the device local time zone.
  - CLI Alias: `timezone`
  - Choices: `LOCAL`, `Pacific/Honolulu`, `America/Anchorage`, `America/Los_Angeles`, `America/Denver`, `America/Chicago`, `America/New_York`, `America/Halifax`, `America/Sao_Paulo`, `America/Noronha`, `Atlantic/Azores`, `Europe/London`, `Europe/Paris`, `Europe/Athens`, `Asia/Riyadh`, `Europe/Moscow`, `Asia/Karachi`, `Asia/Kolkata`, `Asia/Dhaka`, `Asia/Novosibirsk`, `Asia/Shanghai`, `Australia/Perth`, `Asia/Tokyo`, `Australia/Adelaide`, `Australia/Sydney`, `Asia/Vladivostok`, `Pacific/Auckland`
  - Default value: `LOCAL`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--days_of_week"></a>
### Nested Schema for `days_of_week`

Optional:

- `friday` (Boolean) Friday
  - Default value: `false`
- `monday` (Boolean) Monday
  - Default value: `false`
- `saturday` (Boolean) Saturday
  - Default value: `false`
- `sunday` (Boolean) Sunday
  - Default value: `false`
- `thursday` (Boolean) Thursday
  - Default value: `false`
- `tuesday` (Boolean) Tuesday
  - Default value: `false`
- `wednesday` (Boolean) Wednesday
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
