---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_smtp_server_connection Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_smtp_server_connection (Resource)

<p>The SMTP server connection defines the connection details for a Simple Mail Transport Protocol (SMTP) server. The DataPower Gateway uses the SMTP server connection for the following purposes</p><ul><li>B2B partners use this configuration to send an e-mail message to an AS1 or ESMTP destination.</li><li>B2B gateways use this configuration to request an AS1 MDN.</li></ul><p>For ease of configuration, the DataPower Gateway provides the <tt>default</tt> SMTP server connection configuration in each domain. By default, this configuration is empty and disabled.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `smtp-server-connection`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_smtp_server_connection" "test" {
  id               = "ResTest_SMTPServerConnection"
  app_domain       = "acceptance_test"
  mail_server_host = "localhost"
  mail_server_port = 25
  options = {
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `mail_server_host` (String) The IP address or host name of the SMTP server to send outgoing e-mail messages.
  - CLI Alias: `server-host`

### Optional

- `account_name` (String) The account or user name of the SMTP client to authenticate on the SMTP server. The account generally takes the <tt>name@domain.com</tt> form. If blank, the configuration uses the setting from the basic authentication policy in the associated user agent.
  - CLI Alias: `username`
  - Required When: `options`=`auth`
  - Not Valid When: `options`!=`auth`
- `account_password_alias` (String) The password alias of the password for the SMTP client account or the user name that is authenticated to the SMTP server. If password or alias are blank, the configuration uses the setting from the basic authentication policy in the associated user agent.
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
  - Not Valid When: `options`!=`auth`
- `auth` (String) With the client authentication option, the method to authenticate the SMTP client. If blank, the configuration uses the setting from the SMTP client policy in the associated user agent.
  - CLI Alias: `auth`
  - Choices: `plain`, `login`
  - Default value: `plain`
  - Not Valid When: `options`!=`auth`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `mail_server_port` (Number) The listening port on the SMTP server to send outgoing e-mail messages.
  - CLI Alias: `server-port`
  - Default value: `25`
- `options` (Attributes) The SMTP options to enable for the SMTP client. If blank, the configuration uses the setting from the SMTP client policy in the associated user agent.
  - CLI Alias: `options` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_client_config_type`!=`client`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `auth` (Boolean) Authentication
  - Default value: `false`
- `start_tls` (Boolean) STARTTLS
  - Default value: `false`
