---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_snmp_settings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this page to establish SNMP connectivity to the device, and to set values used by SNMP.
  CLI Alias: snmp
---

# datapower_snmp_settings (Resource)

Use this page to establish SNMP connectivity to the device, and to set values used by SNMP.
  - CLI Alias: `snmp`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_snmp_settings" "test" {
  local_port     = 161
  security_level = "authPriv"
  access_level   = "read-only"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) The type of access allowed to MIB objects for incoming SNMPv3 Get and Set requests.
  - CLI Alias: `access-level`
  - Choices: `none`, `read-only`, `read-write`
  - Default value: `read-only`
- `config_mib` (String) Configuration
  - CLI Alias: `config-mib`
  - Default value: `/drConfigMIB.txt`
- `config_mib_mq` (String) Configuration
  - CLI Alias: `config-mib`
  - Default value: `/mqConfigMIB.txt`
- `contexts` (Attributes List) SNMPv3 context definitions, which provide SNMPv3 access to non-default application domains.
  - CLI Alias: `context` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--contexts))
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_default_trap_subscriptions` (Boolean) Enable or Disable the default list of event codes that generate traps. The default is Enable Trap Subscriptions.
  - CLI Alias: `trap-default-subscriptions`
  - Default value: `true`
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `local_address` (String) A specific IP address monitored by the SNMP agent or engine for incoming SNMP requests. The default value of 0.0.0.0 allows the agent or engine to listen on all interfaces. Selecting the address of one interface restricts SNMP to that interface.
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) A specific UDP port monitored by the SNMP agent or engine for incoming SNMP requests. By default, the agent or engine monitors port 161.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Default value: `161`
- `notif_mib` (String) Notifications
  - CLI Alias: `notification-mib`
  - Default value: `/drNotificationMIB.txt`
- `notif_mib_mq` (String) Notifications
  - CLI Alias: `notification-mib`
  - Default value: `/mqNotificationMIB.txt`
- `policies` (Attributes List) SNMPv1/v2c Communities
  - CLI Alias: `community` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `policies_mq` (Attributes List) SNMPv1/v2c Communities
  - CLI Alias: `snmp-community` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies_mq))
- `security_level` (String) The minimum security level required for incoming SNMPv3 Get and Set requests. The default is Authentication, Privacy.
  - CLI Alias: `security-level`
  - Choices: `noAuthNoPriv`, `authNoPriv`, `authPriv`
  - Default value: `authPriv`
- `status_mib` (String) Status
  - CLI Alias: `status-mib`
  - Default value: `/drStatusMIB.txt`
- `status_mib_mq` (String) Status
  - CLI Alias: `status-mib`
  - Default value: `/mqStatusMIB.txt`
- `targets` (Attributes List) Trap and Notification Targets
  - CLI Alias: `trap-target` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))
- `trap_event_code` (List of String) The list of event codes generating traps. You can add event codes which will be triggering traps send to the configured trap targets.
  - CLI Alias: `trap-code`
- `trap_priority` (String) Select a minimum trap event priority. The priorities are hierarchical. The lowest is listed last. Set to the minimum that is required for your trap events.
  - CLI Alias: `trap-priority`
  - Choices: `emerg`, `alert`, `critic`, `error`, `warn`, `notice`, `info`, `debug`
  - Default value: `warn`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `users` (List of String) The name of a user (which must have SNMP credential parameters) which is authorized to use SNMPv3 to access the MIBs on this system.
  - CLI Alias: `user`
  - Reference to: `datapower_user:id`

<a id="nestedatt--contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contexts`

Required:

- `context` (String) An SNMPv3 context that will allow access to an application domain.
- `domain` (String) The local application domain whose SNMP MIB may be accessed via this context using SNMPv3.
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `community` (String) Enter the name of a specific SNMP community. All SNMP Version 1 or Version 2c managers identifying themselves as a member of this community will have the Mode permissions set here for the Associated Domains selected here and must originate from the Remote Host Address specified here.
- `domain` (String) Specifies the application domain visible to the SNMP managers belonging to this community. The default value is the default application domain.
  - Reference to: `datapower_domain:id`
- `mode` (String) Select the access privileges accorded to SNMP managers that belong to this community. Use none to disable SNMP access.
  - Choices: `none`, `read-only`, `read-write`

Optional:

- `host` (String) The IP address of an SNMP manager belonging to this community. The default value of '0.0.0.0/0' indicates all hosts, or all SNMP managers claiming membership in the community.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0/0`


<a id="nestedatt--policies_mq"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies_mq`

Required:

- `community` (String) Enter the name of a specific SNMP community. All SNMP Version 1 or Version 2c managers identifying themselves as a member of this community will have the Mode permissions set here for the Associated Domains selected here and must originate from the Remote Host Address specified here.
- `mode` (String) Select the access privileges accorded to SNMP managers that belong to this community. Use none to disable SNMP access.
  - Choices: `none`, `read-only`, `read-write`

Optional:

- `host` (String) The IP address of an SNMP manager belonging to this community. The default value of '0.0.0.0/0' indicates all hosts, or all SNMP managers claiming membership in the community.
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0/0`


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Required:

- `host` (String) Specifies the IP address of a recipient of SNMP Traps and Notifications generated by the local SNMP agent or engine. The IP address must be unique for each recipient.

Optional:

- `community` (String) The SNMP community name included in SNMP Version 1 Traps and SNMP Version 2 Notifications. By default, a community name of public is used.
  - Default value: `public`
- `port` (Number) Specifies the destination UDP port for SNMP Traps and Notifications generated by the local SNMP agent or engine. By default, SNMP Traps and Notifications are sent to port 162.
  - Default value: `162`
- `security_level` (String) The SNMPv3 security level at which Notifications are sent to the recipient. The default is Authentication, Privacy.
  - Choices: `noAuthNoPriv`, `authNoPriv`, `authPriv`
  - Default value: `authPriv`
- `security_name` (String) The name of the local SNMPv3 user to use for Notifications to this recipient. Determines what authentication and privacy (encryption) protocols are used, and what keys.
- `trap_version` (String) Select the SNMP version to use for sending Traps and Notifications to the recipient. The default is version 1.
  - Choices: `1`, `2c`, `3`
  - Default value: `1`
