---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ssh_service Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Modify the configuration of the SSH server.
  CLI Alias: ssh
---

# datapower_ssh_service (Resource)

Modify the configuration of the SSH server.
  - CLI Alias: `ssh`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ssh_service" "test" {
  local_port    = 22
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `connection_limit` (Number) Specify the maximum number of concurrent SSH CLI connections. Enter a value in the range 0 - 1000. The default value is 0, which means no limit.
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-connections`
  - Range: `0`-`1000`
  - Default value: `0`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the TCP port that the service monitors. The default value is 22.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `22`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
