---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ssh_client_profile Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An SSH client profile defines the authentication type, credentials, and cipher suites to use for an SSH client connection.
  CLI Alias: sshclientprofile
---

# datapower_ssh_client_profile (Resource)

An SSH client profile defines the authentication type, credentials, and cipher suites to use for an SSH client connection.
  - CLI Alias: `sshclientprofile`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ssh_client_profile" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestSSHClientProfile"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  user_name     = "someuser"
  profile_usage = "sftp"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `user_name` (String) User
  - CLI Alias: `user-name`

### Optional

- `ciphers` (List of String) Specify the SSH cipher suites to support.
  - CLI Alias: `ciphers`
  - Choices: `CHACHA20-POLY1305_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `AES128-CTR`, `AES192-CTR`, `AES256-CTR`, `AES128-GCM_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `AES256-GCM_AT_OPENSSH.COM`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `kex_alg` (List of String) Specify the key exchange (KEX) algorithms to support.
  - CLI Alias: `kex-alg`
  - Choices: `DIFFIE-HELLMAN-GROUP-EXCHANGE-SHA256`, `ECDH-SHA2-NISTP256`, `ECDH-SHA2-NISTP384`, `ECDH-SHA2-NISTP521`, `CURVE25519-SHA256_AT_LIBSSH.ORG`
- `mac_alg` (List of String) Specify the message authentication codes (MAC) to support.
  - CLI Alias: `mac-alg`
  - Choices: `HMAC-SHA1`, `HMAC-SHA2-256`, `HMAC-SHA2-512`, `UMAC-64_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `UMAC-128_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `HMAC-SHA1-ETM_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `HMAC-SHA2-256-ETM_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `HMAC-SHA2-512-ETM_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `UMAC-64-ETM_AT_OPENSSH.COM`, `UMAC-128-ETM_AT_OPENSSH.COM`
- `password_alias` (String) Password Alias
  - CLI Alias: `user-password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `persistent_connection_timeout` (Number) Specify the idle duration in seconds for a persistent connection. When the connection remains idle for the specified duration, the connection is closed. Enter any value in the range 1 - 86000. The default value is 120.
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connection-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `120`
- `persistent_connections` (Boolean) Specify whether to support persistent connections. By default, persistent connections are enabled. <ul><li>When enabled, new requests reuse the connection of a previous session without reauthentication.</li><li>When not enabled, new request must reauthenticate.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connections`
  - Default value: `true`
- `profile_usage` (String) Specify the usage of the profile. Only SFTP is supported.
  - CLI Alias: `profile-usage`
  - Choices: `sftp`, `scc`
  - Default value: `sftp`
- `ssh_user_authentication` (Attributes) Specify the available types of SSH user authentication for the SSH client. Authentication can be public key or password or both public key and password. When both methods are defined, public key authentication is attempted first.
  - CLI Alias: `user-auth` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssh_user_authentication))
- `strict_host_key_checking` (Boolean) Specify how to check host keys during the connection and authentication phases. By default strict host key checking is not enabled. <ul><li>When enabled, checks the host key against the known hosts list. Host keys that are not in the known host list are rejected.</li><li>When not enabled, checks the host key against the known hosts list. Host keys that are not in the known host list are added to the known hosts list and accepted.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `strict-host-key-checking`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_private_key` (String) Specify the private key for public key authentication. User private keys must not be password protected.
  - CLI Alias: `user-private-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_key:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--ssh_user_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh_user_authentication`

Optional:

- `password` (Boolean) Password
  - Default value: `true`
- `publickey` (Boolean) Public key
  - Default value: `true`
