---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The TLS Server Name Indication (SNI) server profile secures connections with clients.
  CLI Alias: ssl-sni-server
---

# datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile (Resource)

The TLS Server Name Indication (SNI) server profile secures connections with clients.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile" "test" {
  id                 = "ResTestSSLSNIServerProfile"
  app_domain         = "acceptance_test"
  sni_server_mapping = "AccTest_SSLSNIMapping"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `sni_server_mapping` (String) TLS hostname map
  - CLI Alias: `sni-server-mapping`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_mapping:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `max_ssl_duration` (Number) Specify the maximum duration in seconds for an established TLS session. After the duration is reached, the TLS connection is closed. Enter a value in the range 1 - 691200. The default value is 3600.
  - CLI Alias: `max-duration`
  - Range: `1`-`691200`
  - Default value: `3600`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_options`!=`max-duration`
- `number_of_renegotiation_allowed` (Number) Specify the maximum number of client initiated renegotiations. Enter a value in the range 0 - 512. The default value is 0, which indicates client initiated renegotiation is not allowed.
  - CLI Alias: `max-renegotiation-allowed`
  - Range: `0`-`512`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_options`!=`max-renegotiation`
- `protocols` (Attributes) Protocols
  - CLI Alias: `protocols` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols))
- `sni_server_default` (String) Specify the TLS server profile to process requests when the client does not send a <tt>ClientHello</tt> SNI extension. <p>The request is rejected when either of the following conditions apply. <ul><li>The client sends a <tt>ClientHello</tt> SNI extension that does not match a hostname in the map.</li><li>The client does not send a <tt>ClientHello</tt> SNI extension</li></ul></p>
  - CLI Alias: `sni-server-default`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
- `ssl_options` (Attributes) Specify the options to apply to the TLS connection that override settings in the TLS server profiles. These options have negative impact on the performance.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-options` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl_options))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols`

Optional:

- `ssl_v3` (Boolean) Enable SSL version 3
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d0` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.0
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d1` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d2` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.2
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d3` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.3
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--ssl_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl_options`

Optional:

- `max_duration` (Boolean) Set maximum TLS session duration
  - Default value: `false`
- `max_renegotiation` (Boolean) Set maximum number client initiated renegotiation allow
  - Default value: `false`
