---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_sslproxyservice Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_sslproxyservice (Resource)

<p>Creates a TLS proxy service. This service can be used to wrap or unwrap a TCP stream in TLS.</p><p>This service requires TLS profiles to secure the connections.</p><ul><li>When the system is a client, use a TLS client profile to secure connections with targets.</li><li>When the system is a server, use a a TLS server profile to secure connections with clients. When the server supports Server Name Indication (SNI), use a TLS SNI server profile.</li><li>When the system is both client and server, use TLS client and server profiles to secure both connections.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `sslforwarder`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_sslproxyservice" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestSSLProxyService"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  local_port     = 4521
  remote_address = "10.10.10.10"
  remote_port    = 9999
  ssl_server     = "AccTest_SSLServerProfile"
  local_address  = "0.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_port` (Number) Local port
  - CLI Alias: `local-port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `remote_address` (String) Remote host
  - CLI Alias: `remote-address`
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote port
  - CLI Alias: `remote-port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`

### Optional

- `back_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle time for server connections. This timer monitors the idle time in the data transfer process. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The value of 0 indicates that the timer is disabled. The default value is 0.
  - CLI Alias: `back-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `0`
- `conn_limit` (Number) Specify the maximum number of concurrent client connections. Enter a value in the range of 0 - 65535. The value of 0 indicates an unlimited number of connections. The default value is 100.
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-connections`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `100`
- `conn_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum duration in seconds for transactions. This timer monitors the duration of end-to-end transactions. If the specified connection time is exceeded, the client connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range of 0 - 86400. The value of 0 indicates that the timer is disabled. The default value is 0.
  - CLI Alias: `connection-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `0`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `front_timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum idle time in seconds for client connections. This timer monitors the idle time in the data transfer process. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The value of 0 indicates that the timer is disabled. The default value is 0.
  - CLI Alias: `front-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `0`
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `priority` (String) Service priority
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_config_type` (String) TLS type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslserverprofile:id`
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslsniserverprofile:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
