docs/resources/sslserverprofile.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_sslserverprofile Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TLS server profile
  CLI Alias: ssl-server
---

# datapower_sslserverprofile (Resource)

TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_sslserverprofile" "test" {
  id         = "SSLServerProfile_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  ciphers    = ["AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256", "AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA", ]
  idcred     = "TestAccCryptoIdentCred"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `ciphers` (List of String) Ciphers
  - CLI Alias: `ciphers`
  - Choices: `RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5`, `RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_RC4_128_MD5`, `RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256`, `AES_128_CCM_SHA256`, `AES_128_CCM_8_SHA256`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `idcred` (String) Identification credentials
  - CLI Alias: `idcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptoidentcred:id`

### Optional

- `allow_legacy_renegotiation` (Boolean) Allow legacy renegotiation
  - CLI Alias: `allow-legacy-renegotiation`
  - Default value: `false`
- `cache_size` (Number) Session cache size
  - CLI Alias: `cache-size`
  - Range: `1`-`500`
  - Default value: `20`
- `cache_timeout` (Number) Session cache timeout
  - CLI Alias: `cache-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `300`
- `caching` (Boolean) Enable session caching
  - CLI Alias: `caching`
  - Default value: `true`
- `compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `disable_renegotiation` (Boolean) Disable renegotiation
  - CLI Alias: `disable-renegotiation`
  - Default value: `false`
- `elliptic_curves` (List of String) Elliptic curves
  - CLI Alias: `curves`
  - Choices: `sect163k1`, `sect163r1`, `sect163r2`, `sect193r1`, `sect193r2`, `sect233k1`, `sect233r1`, `sect239k1`, `sect283k1`, `sect283r1`, `sect409k1`, `sect409r1`, `sect571k1`, `sect571r1`, `secp160k1`, `secp160r1`, `secp160r2`, `secp192k1`, `secp192r1`, `secp224k1`, `secp224r1`, `secp256k1`, `secp256r1`, `secp384r1`, `secp521r1`, `brainpoolP256r1`, `brainpoolP384r1`, `brainpoolP512r1`
- `max_ssl_duration` (Number) Maximum TLS session duration
  - CLI Alias: `max-duration`
  - Range: `1`-`11520`
  - Default value: `60`
- `number_of_renegotiation_allowed` (Number) Maximum client initiated renegotiations
  - CLI Alias: `max-renegotiation-allowed`
  - Range: `0`-`512`
  - Default value: `0`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `prefer_server_ciphers` (Boolean) Use server cipher suite preferences
  - CLI Alias: `prefer-server-ciphers`
  - Default value: `true`
- `prioritize_cha_cha` (Boolean) Prioritize ChaCha20-Poly1305 cipher
  - CLI Alias: `prioritize-chacha`
  - Default value: `false`
- `prohibit_resume_on_reneg` (Boolean) Prohibit session resumption on renegotiation
  - CLI Alias: `prohibit-resume-on-reneg`
  - Default value: `false`
- `protocols` (Attributes) Protocols
  - CLI Alias: `protocols` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols))
- `request_client_auth` (Boolean) Request client authentication
  - CLI Alias: `request-client-auth`
  - Default value: `false`
- `require_client_auth` (Boolean) Require client authentication
  - CLI Alias: `require-client-auth`
  - Default value: `true`
- `require_closure_notification` (Boolean) Require closure notification
  - CLI Alias: `require-closure-notification`
  - Default value: `true`
- `send_client_auth_ca_list` (Boolean) Send client authentication CA list
  - CLI Alias: `send-client-auth-ca-list`
  - Default value: `true`
- `sig_algs` (List of String) Signature algorithms
  - CLI Alias: `sign-alg`
  - Choices: `ecdsa_secp256r1_sha256`, `ecdsa_secp384r1_sha384`, `ecdsa_secp521r1_sha512`, `ed25519`, `ed448`, `ecdsa_sha224`, `ecdsa_sha1`, `rsa_pss_rsae_sha256`, `rsa_pss_rsae_sha384`, `rsa_pss_rsae_sha512`, `rsa_pss_pss_sha256`, `rsa_pss_pss_sha384`, `rsa_pss_pss_sha512`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha256`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha384`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha512`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha224`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha1`, `dsa_sha256`, `dsa_sha384`, `dsa_sha512`, `dsa_sha224`, `dsa_sha1`
- `ssl_options` (Attributes) Advanced TLS options
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-options` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl_options))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `valcred` (String) Validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `validate_client_cert` (Boolean) Validate client certificate
  - CLI Alias: `validate-client-cert`
  - Default value: `true`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols`

Optional:

- `ssl_v3` (Boolean) Enable SSL version 3
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d0` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.0
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d1` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d2` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.2
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d3` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.3
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--ssl_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl_options`

Optional:

- `max_duration` (Boolean) Set maximum TLS session duration
  - Default value: `false`
- `max_renegotiation` (Boolean) Set maximum number client initiated renegotiation allow
  - Default value: `false`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/sslserverprofile.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_sslserverprofile Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TLS server profile
  CLI Alias: ssl-server
---

# datapower_sslserverprofile (Resource)

TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_sslserverprofile" "test" {
  id         = "SSLServerProfile_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  ciphers    = ["AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256", "AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA", "ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA", "ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA", "DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA", ]
  idcred     = "TestAccCryptoIdentCred"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `ciphers` (List of String) Ciphers
  - CLI Alias: `ciphers`
  - Choices: `RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5`, `RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_RC4_128_MD5`, `RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `DHE_DSS_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256`, `AES_128_CCM_SHA256`, `AES_128_CCM_8_SHA256`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `idcred` (String) Identification credentials
  - CLI Alias: `idcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptoidentcred:id`

### Optional

- `allow_legacy_renegotiation` (Boolean) Allow legacy renegotiation
  - CLI Alias: `allow-legacy-renegotiation`
  - Default value: `false`
- `cache_size` (Number) Session cache size
  - CLI Alias: `cache-size`
  - Range: `1`-`500`
  - Default value: `20`
- `cache_timeout` (Number) Session cache timeout
  - CLI Alias: `cache-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `300`
- `caching` (Boolean) Enable session caching
  - CLI Alias: `caching`
  - Default value: `true`
- `compression` (Boolean) Enable compression
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `disable_renegotiation` (Boolean) Disable renegotiation
  - CLI Alias: `disable-renegotiation`
  - Default value: `false`
- `elliptic_curves` (List of String) Elliptic curves
  - CLI Alias: `curves`
  - Choices: `sect163k1`, `sect163r1`, `sect163r2`, `sect193r1`, `sect193r2`, `sect233k1`, `sect233r1`, `sect239k1`, `sect283k1`, `sect283r1`, `sect409k1`, `sect409r1`, `sect571k1`, `sect571r1`, `secp160k1`, `secp160r1`, `secp160r2`, `secp192k1`, `secp192r1`, `secp224k1`, `secp224r1`, `secp256k1`, `secp256r1`, `secp384r1`, `secp521r1`, `brainpoolP256r1`, `brainpoolP384r1`, `brainpoolP512r1`
- `max_ssl_duration` (Number) Maximum TLS session duration
  - CLI Alias: `max-duration`
  - Range: `1`-`11520`
  - Default value: `60`
- `number_of_renegotiation_allowed` (Number) Maximum client initiated renegotiations
  - CLI Alias: `max-renegotiation-allowed`
  - Range: `0`-`512`
  - Default value: `0`
- `prefer_server_ciphers` (Boolean) Use server cipher suite preferences
  - CLI Alias: `prefer-server-ciphers`
  - Default value: `true`
- `prioritize_cha_cha` (Boolean) Prioritize ChaCha20-Poly1305 cipher
  - CLI Alias: `prioritize-chacha`
  - Default value: `false`
- `prohibit_resume_on_reneg` (Boolean) Prohibit session resumption on renegotiation
  - CLI Alias: `prohibit-resume-on-reneg`
  - Default value: `false`
- `protocols` (Attributes) Protocols
  - CLI Alias: `protocols` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols))
- `request_client_auth` (Boolean) Request client authentication
  - CLI Alias: `request-client-auth`
  - Default value: `false`
- `require_client_auth` (Boolean) Require client authentication
  - CLI Alias: `require-client-auth`
  - Default value: `true`
- `require_closure_notification` (Boolean) Require closure notification
  - CLI Alias: `require-closure-notification`
  - Default value: `true`
- `send_client_auth_ca_list` (Boolean) Send client authentication CA list
  - CLI Alias: `send-client-auth-ca-list`
  - Default value: `true`
- `sig_algs` (List of String) Signature algorithms
  - CLI Alias: `sign-alg`
  - Choices: `ecdsa_secp256r1_sha256`, `ecdsa_secp384r1_sha384`, `ecdsa_secp521r1_sha512`, `ed25519`, `ed448`, `ecdsa_sha224`, `ecdsa_sha1`, `rsa_pss_rsae_sha256`, `rsa_pss_rsae_sha384`, `rsa_pss_rsae_sha512`, `rsa_pss_pss_sha256`, `rsa_pss_pss_sha384`, `rsa_pss_pss_sha512`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha256`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha384`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha512`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha224`, `rsa_pkcs1_sha1`, `dsa_sha256`, `dsa_sha384`, `dsa_sha512`, `dsa_sha224`, `dsa_sha1`
- `ssl_options` (Attributes) Advanced TLS options
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-options` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl_options))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `valcred` (String) Validation credentials
  - CLI Alias: `valcred`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptovalcred:id`
- `validate_client_cert` (Boolean) Validate client certificate
  - CLI Alias: `validate-client-cert`
  - Default value: `true`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols`

Optional:

- `ssl_v3` (Boolean) Enable SSL version 3
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d0` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.0
  - Default value: `false`
- `tls_v1d1` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d2` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.2
  - Default value: `true`
- `tls_v1d3` (Boolean) Enable TLS version 1.3
  - Default value: `true`


<a id="nestedatt--ssl_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl_options`

Optional:

- `max_duration` (Boolean) Set maximum TLS session duration
  - Default value: `false`
- `max_renegotiation` (Boolean) Set maximum number client initiated renegotiation allow
  - Default value: `false`
