---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_statistics Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages whether the system collects and presents statistics to help you determine whether the system correctly processes the transactions.
  CLI Alias: statistics
---

# datapower_statistics (Resource)

Manages whether the system collects and presents statistics to help you determine whether the system correctly processes the transactions.
  - CLI Alias: `statistics`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_statistics" "test" {
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `false`
- `load_interval` (Number) Specifies the measurement interval for load estimation in milliseconds. Enter a value in the range 500 - 5000. The default value is 1000. During this interval, the system load reported by the <tt>show load</tt> command is estimated and expressed as a percentage. <p><b>Note:</b> You can modify this property in only the <tt>default</tt> domain. In application domains, this property is read-only.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `load-interval`
  - Range: `500`-`5000`
  - Default value: `1000`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
