---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_style_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create, Edit or Delete a Processing Policy. A policy consists of one or more Processing Rules. Rules execute depending upon the direction of the message and on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the document for processing. A service may have only one policy active at a time. Click Services in the left-hand navigation menu and then click the appropriate policy link to use the graphical interface to create and edit policies.
  CLI Alias: stylepolicy
---

# datapower_style_policy (Resource)

Create, Edit or Delete a Processing Policy. A policy consists of one or more Processing Rules. Rules execute depending upon the direction of the message and on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the document for processing. A service may have only one policy active at a time. Click Services in the left-hand navigation menu and then click the appropriate policy link to use the graphical interface to create and edit policies.
  - CLI Alias: `stylepolicy`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_style_policy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestStylePolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `def_stylesheet_for_soap` (String) Identify the default style sheet used for SOAP filtering. The default rejects all SOAP documents.
  - CLI Alias: `filter`
  - Default value: `store:///filter-reject-all.xsl`
- `def_stylesheet_for_xsl` (String) Identify the default style sheet used for XSL transformation. The default mirrors all documents.
  - CLI Alias: `xsldefault`
  - Default value: `store:///identity.xsl`
- `def_x_query_for_json` (String) Identify the default XQuery style sheet used for JSON transformation. The default rejects all JSON documents.
  - CLI Alias: `xquerydefault`
  - Default value: `store:///reject-all-json.xq`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `policy_maps` (Attributes List) A list of processing rules their corresponding matching rule that this policy will evaluate. If a match is found, the corresponding processing rule is run. The policy runs the first processing rule with a successful match. Therefore, the order of rules in this list is important.
  - CLI Alias: `match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_maps))
- `user_summary` (String) Enter a comment. This appears on the Policy catalog page.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--policy_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_maps`

Required:

- `match` (String) Select the Matching Rule that defines the matching criteria.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select the Processing Rule to run.
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
