---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_time_settings Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_time_settings (Resource)

<p>The time zone for the system. The time zone affects the time that the system displays. All timestamps use this time zone.</p><p><b>Note: </b>The system clock runs on Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).</p><p>When daylight saving time (DST), or summer time, applies to a time zone, the system adjusts the time when a DST boundary is crossed.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `timezone`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_time_settings" "test" {
  local_time_zone = "EST5EDT"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `custom_tz_name` (String) Specify the symbolic name for the custom time zone. This name is appended to local times. The name must be three or more alphabetic characters. If you use any other characters, the time zone becomes UTC.
  - CLI Alias: `custom`
  - Default value: `STD`
  - Required When: `local_time_zone`=`Custom`
- `daylight_offset_hours` (Number) Specify the offset in hours when the custom time zone observes DST. Generally, the offset is 1 hour. The default value is 1.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-offset`
  - Range: `0`-`12`
  - Default value: `1`
- `daylight_start_day` (String) Specify the day of the week when DST starts for the custom time zone. The default value is Sunday.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-start-day`
  - Choices: `Sunday`, `Monday`, `Tuesday`, `Wednesday`, `Thursday`, `Friday`, `Saturday`
  - Default value: `Sunday`
- `daylight_start_month` (String) Specify the month when DST starts for the custom time zone. The default value is March.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-start-month`
  - Choices: `January`, `February`, `March`, `April`, `May`, `June`, `July`, `August`, `September`, `October`, `November`, `December`
  - Default value: `March`
- `daylight_start_time_hours` (Number) Specify the hour when DST starts for the custom time zone. If the start boundary is 2:30 AM, enter 2.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-start-hours`
  - Range: `0`-`23`
  - Default value: `2`
- `daylight_start_time_minutes` (Number) Specify the minute when DST starts for the custom time zone. If the start boundary is 2:30 AM, enter 30.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-start-minutes`
  - Range: `0`-`59`
- `daylight_start_week` (Number) Specify the instance of the day in the month when DST starts for the custom time zone. If DST starts on the second Sunday in the month, enter 2.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-start-week`
  - Range: `1`-`5`
  - Default value: `2`
- `daylight_stop_day` (String) Specify the day of the week when DST ends for the custom time zone. The default value is Sunday.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-stop-day`
  - Choices: `Sunday`, `Monday`, `Tuesday`, `Wednesday`, `Thursday`, `Friday`, `Saturday`
  - Default value: `Sunday`
- `daylight_stop_month` (String) Specify the month when DST ends for the custom time zone. The default value is November.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-stop-month`
  - Choices: `January`, `February`, `March`, `April`, `May`, `June`, `July`, `August`, `September`, `October`, `November`, `December`
  - Default value: `November`
- `daylight_stop_time_hours` (Number) Specify the hour when DST ends for the custom time zone. If the end boundary is 2:30 AM, enter 2.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-stop-hours`
  - Range: `0`-`23`
  - Default value: `2`
- `daylight_stop_time_minutes` (Number) Specify the minute when DST ends for the custom time zone. If the end boundary is 2:30 AM, enter 30.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-stop-minutes`
  - Range: `0`-`59`
- `daylight_stop_week` (Number) Specify the instance of the day in the month when DST ends for the custom time zone. If DST ends on the second Sunday in the month, enter 2.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-stop-week`
  - Range: `1`-`5`
  - Default value: `1`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `local_time_zone` (String) Specify the time zone to use in management interfaces. The default value is EST-5EDT.
  - CLI Alias: `name`
  - Choices: `HST10`, `AKST9AKDT`, `PST8PDT`, `MST7MDT`, `CST6CDT`, `EST5EDT`, `AST4ADT`, `UTC`, `GMT0BST`, `CET-1CEST`, `EET-2EEST`, `MKS-3MSD`, `MSK-3MSD`, `AST-3`, `KRT-5`, `IST-5:30`, `NOVST-6NOVDT`, `CST-8`, `WST-8`, `WST-8WDT`, `JST-9`, `CST-9:30CDT`, `EST-10EDT`, `EST-10`, `Custom`
  - Default value: `EST5EDT`
- `offset_hours` (Number) Specify the number of hours the custom time zone is from UTC. If 2 hours and 30 minutes from UTC, enter 2.
  - CLI Alias: `offset-hours`
  - Range: `0`-`12`
- `offset_minutes` (Number) Specify the number of minutes the time zone is from UTC. If 2 hours and 30 minutes from UTC, enter 30.
  - CLI Alias: `offset-minutes`
  - Range: `0`-`59`
- `tz_name_dst` (String) Specify the symbolic name for the custom time zone during DST. This name is appended to local times. The name must be three or more alphabetic characters. If you use any other characters, the time zone becomes UTC.
  - CLI Alias: `daylight-name`
  - Default value: `DST`
  - Required When: (`local_time_zone`=`Custom` AND `daylight_offset_hours`!=`0`)
- `utc_direction` (String) Specify the direction relative to UTC for the custom time zone. Asia is east. North America is west. The default value is East.
  - CLI Alias: `direction`
  - Choices: `East`, `West`
  - Default value: `West`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
