---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_url_map Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure/Edit URL maps. URL Maps are used by Processing Actions and by XML Manager Compile Options Policies.
  CLI Alias: urlmap
---

# datapower_url_map (Resource)

Configure/Edit URL maps. URL Maps are used by Processing Actions and by XML Manager Compile Options Policies.
  - CLI Alias: `urlmap`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_url_map" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestURLMap"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  url_map_rule = [{
    pattern = "https://www.company.com/XML/stylesheets/*"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url_map_rule` (Attributes List) Add, edit or delete a URL map match pattern
  - CLI Alias: `match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--url_map_rule))

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--url_map_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `url_map_rule`

Required:

- `pattern` (String) A shell-style match pattern that defines the URL set contained within the URL map. The following wildcard characters are available when constructing a match pattern. <table><tr><td valign="top">asterisk (*)</td><td valign="top">Matches 0 or more occurrences of any character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">question mark (?)</td><td valign="top">Matches one occurrence of any single character</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">brackets ( [ ] )</td><td valign="top">Defines a character or numeric range. For example, [1-5] matches 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, while xs[dl] matches xsd or xsl.</td></tr></table>


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
