---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_url_refresh_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure/Edit URL Refresh Policies
  CLI Alias: urlrefresh
---

# datapower_url_refresh_policy (Resource)

Configure/Edit URL Refresh Policies
  - CLI Alias: `urlrefresh`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_url_refresh_policy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestURLRefreshPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  url_refresh_rule = [{
    url_map = "default-attempt-stream-all"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `url_refresh_rule` (Attributes List) Add, edit or delete a refresh rule
  - CLI Alias: `rule` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--url_refresh_rule))

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--url_refresh_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `url_refresh_rule`

Required:

- `url_map` (String) URL maps contain one or more shell-style (wildcard) match patterns. Use the values list to select the URL map that supplies the match criteria for the URL Refresh Policy.
  - CLI Alias: `urlmap`
  - Reference to: `datapower_url_map:id`

Optional:

- `url_refresh_interval` (Number) Not used when the refresh rule type is no-cache, specifies the update frequency for stylesheets that fulfill the match criteria.
  - CLI Alias: `interval`
  - Default value: `0`
- `url_refresh_policy` (String) Specify how to cache a stylesheet that is obtained with a URL refresh operation. The default is default.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `default`, `no-cache`, `no-flush`, `protocol-specified`
  - Default value: `default`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
