---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wcc_service Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the WebSphere Cell configuration to retrieve configuration information and runtime information from a Network Deployment or Virtual Enterprise product. Load balancer groups use this information to automate configuration and updates.
  CLI Alias: wcc-service
---

# datapower_wcc_service (Resource)

Use the WebSphere Cell configuration to retrieve configuration information and runtime information from a Network Deployment or Virtual Enterprise product. Load balancer groups use this information to automate configuration and updates.
  - CLI Alias: `wcc-service`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wcc_service" "test" {
  id                = "ResTestWCCService"
  app_domain        = "acceptance_test"
  odc_info_hostname = "example.com"
  odc_info_port     = 1024
  time_interval     = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `odc_info_hostname` (String) Host name or IP address of the Deployment Manager. It is used to communicate with the ODCInfo servlet. The ODCInfo servlet must be installed in a WebSphere Application Server environment.
  - CLI Alias: `odc-info-hostname`
- `odc_info_port` (Number) Specifies the listening port of the ODCInfo servlet on the deployment manager. To determine the listening port number, log in to the WebSphere Application Server administrative console and click System Administration > Deployment Manager > ports. From the list, use the port associated with WC_adminhost for HTTP or the port associated with WC_adminhost_secure for HTTPS.
  - CLI Alias: `odc-info-port`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_client_config_type`!=`client`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) The TLS profile type to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `time_interval` (Number) <p>If the update method is poll, the time interval specifies the amount of time in seconds between poll requests.</p><p>If the update method is subscribe, the time interval specifies the maximum duration of the request in seconds.</p><p>Use any value of 1 - 86400. The default is 10.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `time-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `10`
- `update_type` (String) Specifies the method for retrieving WebSphere information. The method defines the responsiveness of the updates received by the DataPower Gateway. The method also affects the amount of system resource used for providing those updates. The default is poll.
  - CLI Alias: `update-method`
  - Choices: `poll`, `subscribe`
  - Default value: `poll`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
