docs/resources/web_app_error_handling_policy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define an error policy for a web application firewall. When the remote web service returns an error, this policy specifies how to handle the response that is sent to the client.
  CLI Alias: webapp-error-handling
---

# datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy (Resource)

Define an error policy for a web application firewall. When the remote web service returns an error, this policy specifies how to handle the response that is sent to the client.
  - CLI Alias: `webapp-error-handling`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestWebAppErrorHandlingPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_monitor` (String) Monitor
  - CLI Alias: `error-monitor`
  - Reference to: `datapower_count_monitor:id`
- `error_style_policy_rule` (String) Error rule
  - CLI Alias: `error-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `type`=`error-rule`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `type` (String) Specify the mode for error handling. The default value is standard.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `standard`, `redirect`, `proxy`, `error-rule`
  - Default value: `standard`
- `url` (String) URL
  - CLI Alias: `error-url`
  - Required When: `type`=`redirect`|`proxy`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/web_app_error_handling_policy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define an error policy for a web application firewall. When the remote web service returns an error, this policy specifies how to handle the response that is sent to the client.
  CLI Alias: webapp-error-handling
---

# datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy (Resource)

Define an error policy for a web application firewall. When the remote web service returns an error, this policy specifies how to handle the response that is sent to the client.
  - CLI Alias: `webapp-error-handling`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestWebAppErrorHandlingPolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_monitor` (String) Monitor
  - CLI Alias: `error-monitor`
  - Reference to: `datapower_count_monitor:id`
- `error_style_policy_rule` (String) Error rule
  - CLI Alias: `error-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `type`=`error-rule`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `type` (String) Specify the mode for error handling. The default value is standard.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `standard`, `redirect`, `proxy`, `error-rule`
  - Default value: `standard`
- `url` (String) URL
  - CLI Alias: `error-url`
  - Required When: `type`=`redirect`|`proxy`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
