---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_gui Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Modify the configuration of the web management service. If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.
  CLI Alias: web-mgmt
---

# datapower_web_gui (Resource)

Modify the configuration of the web management service. <p>If you do not assign a TLS profile, the service uses a profile with a self-signed certificate.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `web-mgmt`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_gui" "test" {
  local_port             = 9090
  save_config_overwrites = true
  idle_timeout           = 0
  local_address          = "0.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `acl` (String) Edit the <tt>web-mgmt</tt> access control list to define the client IP addresses to allow or deny.
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_access_control_list:id`
  - Default value: `web-mgmt`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_sts` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable HTTP Strict Transport Security headers. When enabled, responses inject HTTP Strict Transport Security headers.
  - CLI Alias: `enable-sts`
  - Default value: `true`
- `enabled` (Boolean) <p>The administrative state of the configuration.</p><ul><li>To make active, set to enabled.</li><li>To make inactive, set to disabled.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `admin-state`
  - Default value: `true`
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Specify the time after which to invalidate idle sessions. When invalidated, requires reauthentication. Enter a value in the range 0 - 65535. The default value is 600. A value of 0 disables the timer.
  - CLI Alias: `idle-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`65535`
  - Default value: `600`
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the TCP port that the service monitors. The default value is 9090.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `9090`
- `save_config_overwrites` (Boolean) Specify whether saving the configuration overwrites the startup configuration. <ul><li>When enable, saving the configuration overwrites the startup configuration with the running configuration.</li><li>When not enabled, a manual step is required that prevents overwriting the manually edited startup configuration.</li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `save-config-overwrite`
  - Default value: `true`
- `ssl_server` (String) Custom TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) Custom TLS server type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) Custom TLS SNI server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Required When: `ssl_server_config_type`=`sni`
- `user_agent` (String) Custom user agent
  - CLI Alias: `user-agent`
  - Reference to: `datapower_http_user_agent:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
