---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_service_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A service level monitor (SLM) for a web service watches web services traffic to a specific endpoint.
  CLI Alias: service-monitor
---

# datapower_web_service_monitor (Resource)

A service level monitor (SLM) for a web service watches web services traffic to a specific endpoint.
  - CLI Alias: `service-monitor`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_service_monitor" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestWebServiceMonitor"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  wsdl_url   = "wsdlurl"
  operations = [{
    operation = "all"
    target    = "front"
    severity  = "low"
    action    = "log"
  }]
  endpoint_url = "endpointurl"
  frontend_url = "frontendurl"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint_url` (String) Endpoint URL
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint-url`
- `frontend_url` (String) Specify the URL that clients use to access the web service. This value cannot be the same value as the endpoint URL.. Wildcards are supported.
  - CLI Alias: `frontend-url`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `wsdl_url` (String) Specify the URL of the WSDL file that defines the endpoints, transport type and operations to monitor. The WSDL file can be in the file system or remote.
  - CLI Alias: `wsdl`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `endpoint_name` (String) Endpoint
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint-name`
- `operations` (Attributes List) Operations to monitor
  - CLI Alias: `operation` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operations))
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `transport` (String) Specify the transport type for the endpoint. The transport type must agree with the transport type in the WSDL file.
  - CLI Alias: `transport`
  - Choices: `http-get`, `http-post`, `soap-doc`, `soap-rpc`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--operations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operations`

Required:

- `severity` (String) Specify the action threshold with its value. For example, you can define low and high thresholds as transactions rates increase. If the low threshold is 100 transactions/second and that limit is reached, some action is taken. Then, if the high threshold is 300 transactions/second and that limit is reached, another action is taken.
  - CLI Alias: `severity`
  - Choices: `low`, `high`
- `target` (String) Specify the target activity to monitor. Define the operation for each monitored activity.
  - CLI Alias: `target`
  - Choices: `front`, `rate`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Specify the action to take when the threshold is reached.
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Choices: `log`, `throttle`
- `operation` (String) Specify the name of the operation to monitor. The operation is defined in the WSDL file. The current implementation is to monitor all operations in the WSDL file.
  - CLI Alias: `operation`
  - Choices: `all`
  - Default value: `all`
- `threshold` (Number) Specify the threshold value in TPS to trigger the action.
  - CLI Alias: `threshold`
  - Default value: `0`
