docs/resources/web_token_service.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_token_service Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web token service provides on-box HTTP services.
  CLI Alias: web-token-serviceAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_web_token_service (Resource)

The web token service provides on-box HTTP services.
  - CLI Alias: `web-token-service`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_token_service" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestWebTokenService"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  xml_manager = "default"
  front_side = [{
    local_address = "0.0.0.0"
    local_port    = 8888
  }]
  style_policy             = "default"
  front_timeout            = 120
  front_persistent_timeout = 180
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `front_side` (Attributes List) Define the addresses and ports that the service listens on. You can define listening sources for HTTP and HTTPS requests. For HTTPS request, set the listening source to use TLS parameter and assign the TLS profile.
  - CLI Alias: `listen-on` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--front_side))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `debug_history` (Number) Set the number of records for transaction diagnostic mode in the probe. Enter a value in the range 10 - 250. The default value is 25.
  - CLI Alias: `debug-history`
  - Range: `10`-`250`
  - Default value: `25`
  - Required When: `debug_mode`=`true`
- `debug_mode` (String) <p>Select the diagnostic mode for processing policies. When enabled, you can view details about the state of variables and contexts for a captured transaction in the probe. The default value is <tt>off</tt> .</p><p>Transaction diagnostic mode is not intended for use in a production environment. Transaction diagnostic mode consumes significant resources that can slow down transaction processing.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug-mode`
  - Choices: `on`, `off`, `unbounded`
  - Default value: `off`
- `delay_errors` (Boolean) The timing difference of the error messages returned after a decryption action can provide an attacker with enough information to determine the contents of the plain-text data. When enabled, the default, the appliance delays error messages for the defined duration. When disabled, the appliance does not delay error messages.
  - CLI Alias: `delay-errors`
  - Default value: `true`
- `delay_errors_duration` (Number) When enabling the delay of error messages, specify the delay duration in milliseconds. If delaying messages for 3000 ms, the appliance will not send error messages to the client until 3 seconds have elapsed since the appliance performed decryption on the requests. Enter any value in the range 250 - 300000. The default value is 1000.
  - CLI Alias: `delay-errors-duration`
  - Range: `250`-`300000`
  - Default value: `1000`
  - Required When: (`delay_errors`=`true` AND `rewrite_errors`=`true`)
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `front_http_version` (String) Set the HTTP version for client-to-service connections. If the client submits an HTTP/1.0 request, the service on the DataPower appliance always replies with HTTP/1.0 compatible responses regardless of this setting. The default version is HTTP 1.1.
  - CLI Alias: `http-front-version`
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `front_persistent_timeout` (Number) Set the inter-transaction timeout for Web Token Service to client connections. This value is the maximum idle time to allow between the completion of a TCP transaction and the initiation of a new TCP transaction on the Web Token Service to client connection. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 180. A value of 0 disables persistent connections.
  - CLI Alias: `front-persistent-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `180`
- `front_timeout` (Number) Set the intra-transaction timeout for Web Token Service to client connections. This value is the maximum idle time to allow in a transaction on the Web Token Service to client connection. This timer monitors idle time in the data transfer process. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 120.
  - CLI Alias: `front-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `120`
- `http_client_ip_label` (String) Set the HTTP header that contains the client IP address. When defined, the client IP address is read from this HTTP header. This IP address will then be used for monitoring and logging. Retain the default value <tt>X-Client-IP</tt> or specify another value; for example, <tt>X-Forwarded-For</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `http-client-ip-label`
  - Default value: `X-Client-IP`
- `http_log_cor_id_label` (String) Enter the name of an HTTP Header to read to determine the global transaction ID for chained services. This value defaults to X-Global-Transaction-ID.
  - CLI Alias: `http-global-tranID-label`
  - Default value: `X-Global-Transaction-ID`
- `priority` (String) Set the service-level priority. When resources are in high demand, the appliance handles transactions for higher priority services over lower priority services.
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `request_type` (String) Characterizes the traffic that originates from the client. The default is Non-XML.
  - CLI Alias: `request-type`
  - Choices: `soap`, `xml`, `unprocessed`, `preprocessed`, `json`
  - Default value: `preprocessed`
- `rewrite_errors` (Boolean) Error messages after a decryption action can provide an attacker who is using the padding oracle attack method with enough information to determine the contents of the plain-text data. When enabled, the default, the client receives error messages without the internal information that could lead to a discovery. When disabled, the client receives the original message with this information.
  - CLI Alias: `rewrite-errors`
  - Default value: `true`
- `style_policy` (String) Assign the processing policy to the service. The processing policy defines the actions to perform on security token requests.
  - CLI Alias: `stylepolicy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy:id`
  - Default value: `default`
- `user_summary` (String) Specify a brief, descriptive comment.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) Assign the XML manager that obtains and manages documents on behalf of the service. The user agent, which is referenced by this XML manager, controls access to remote destinations. Unless you have service-specific needs, use the <tt>default</tt> XML manager.
  - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xml_manager:id`
  - Default value: `default`

<a id="nestedatt--front_side"></a>
### Nested Schema for `front_side`

Required:

- `local_port` (Number) Specify the unique, local TCP port that the service listens on. No other service on the DataPower Gateway can use this port. Enter any value in the range 1 - 65535.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`

Optional:

- `credential_charset` (String) Specifies the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the authorization header of the request. The appliance transcodes the contents of the authorization header to UTF-8. Defaults to Protocol which is ISO-8859-1, Latin 1.
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
  - Default value: `protocol`
- `local_address` (String) Specify the host alias or local IP address on the appliance that the service listens on. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which denotes all local addresses.
  - CLI Alias: `address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `ssl_server` (String) Specify the TLS server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) Specify the TLS profile type to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) Specify the TLS SNI server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Indicate whether to use the assigned TLS profile to control connections to this TCP port. When enabled, the service expects HTTPS requests on this port.
  - CLI Alias: `use-ssl`
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added `ignored_when` logic and attribute validators for conditionally ignoring attributes

docs/resources/web_token_service.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_token_service Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web token service provides on-box HTTP services.
  CLI Alias: web-token-serviceAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_web_token_service (Resource)

The web token service provides on-box HTTP services.
  - CLI Alias: `web-token-service`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_token_service" "test" {
  id          = "ResTestWebTokenService"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  xml_manager = "default"
  front_side = [{
    local_address = "0.0.0.0"
    local_port    = 8888
  }]
  style_policy             = "default"
  front_timeout            = 120
  front_persistent_timeout = 180
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `front_side` (Attributes List) Define the addresses and ports that the service listens on. You can define listening sources for HTTP and HTTPS requests. For HTTPS request, set the listening source to use TLS parameter and assign the TLS profile.
  - CLI Alias: `listen-on` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--front_side))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `debug_history` (Number) Set the number of records for transaction diagnostic mode in the probe. Enter a value in the range 10 - 250. The default value is 25.
  - CLI Alias: `debug-history`
  - Range: `10`-`250`
  - Default value: `25`
  - Required When: `debug_mode`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `debug_mode` (String) <p>Select the diagnostic mode for processing policies. When enabled, you can view details about the state of variables and contexts for a captured transaction in the probe. The default value is <tt>off</tt> .</p><p>Transaction diagnostic mode is not intended for use in a production environment. Transaction diagnostic mode consumes significant resources that can slow down transaction processing.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug-mode`
  - Choices: `on`, `off`, `unbounded`
  - Default value: `off`
- `delay_errors` (Boolean) The timing difference of the error messages returned after a decryption action can provide an attacker with enough information to determine the contents of the plain-text data. When enabled, the default, the appliance delays error messages for the defined duration. When disabled, the appliance does not delay error messages.
  - CLI Alias: `delay-errors`
  - Default value: `true`
  - Not Valid When: `rewrite_errors`!=`true`
- `delay_errors_duration` (Number) When enabling the delay of error messages, specify the delay duration in milliseconds. If delaying messages for 3000 ms, the appliance will not send error messages to the client until 3 seconds have elapsed since the appliance performed decryption on the requests. Enter any value in the range 250 - 300000. The default value is 1000.
  - CLI Alias: `delay-errors-duration`
  - Range: `250`-`300000`
  - Default value: `1000`
  - Required When: (`delay_errors`=`true` AND `rewrite_errors`=`true`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `front_http_version` (String) Set the HTTP version for client-to-service connections. If the client submits an HTTP/1.0 request, the service on the DataPower appliance always replies with HTTP/1.0 compatible responses regardless of this setting. The default version is HTTP 1.1.
  - CLI Alias: `http-front-version`
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `front_persistent_timeout` (Number) Set the inter-transaction timeout for Web Token Service to client connections. This value is the maximum idle time to allow between the completion of a TCP transaction and the initiation of a new TCP transaction on the Web Token Service to client connection. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 0 - 86400. The default value is 180. A value of 0 disables persistent connections.
  - CLI Alias: `front-persistent-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`86400`
  - Default value: `180`
- `front_timeout` (Number) Set the intra-transaction timeout for Web Token Service to client connections. This value is the maximum idle time to allow in a transaction on the Web Token Service to client connection. This timer monitors idle time in the data transfer process. If the specified idle time is exceeded, the connection is torn down. Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400. The default value is 120.
  - CLI Alias: `front-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `120`
- `http_client_ip_label` (String) Set the HTTP header that contains the client IP address. When defined, the client IP address is read from this HTTP header. This IP address will then be used for monitoring and logging. Retain the default value <tt>X-Client-IP</tt> or specify another value; for example, <tt>X-Forwarded-For</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `http-client-ip-label`
  - Default value: `X-Client-IP`
- `http_log_cor_id_label` (String) Enter the name of an HTTP Header to read to determine the global transaction ID for chained services. This value defaults to X-Global-Transaction-ID.
  - CLI Alias: `http-global-tranID-label`
  - Default value: `X-Global-Transaction-ID`
- `priority` (String) Set the service-level priority. When resources are in high demand, the appliance handles transactions for higher priority services over lower priority services.
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `request_type` (String) Characterizes the traffic that originates from the client. The default is Non-XML.
  - CLI Alias: `request-type`
  - Choices: `soap`, `xml`, `unprocessed`, `preprocessed`, `json`
  - Default value: `preprocessed`
- `rewrite_errors` (Boolean) Error messages after a decryption action can provide an attacker who is using the padding oracle attack method with enough information to determine the contents of the plain-text data. When enabled, the default, the client receives error messages without the internal information that could lead to a discovery. When disabled, the client receives the original message with this information.
  - CLI Alias: `rewrite-errors`
  - Default value: `true`
- `style_policy` (String) Assign the processing policy to the service. The processing policy defines the actions to perform on security token requests.
  - CLI Alias: `stylepolicy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy:id`
  - Default value: `default`
- `user_summary` (String) Specify a brief, descriptive comment.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) Assign the XML manager that obtains and manages documents on behalf of the service. The user agent, which is referenced by this XML manager, controls access to remote destinations. Unless you have service-specific needs, use the <tt>default</tt> XML manager.
  - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xml_manager:id`
  - Default value: `default`

<a id="nestedatt--front_side"></a>
### Nested Schema for `front_side`

Required:

- `local_port` (Number) Specify the unique, local TCP port that the service listens on. No other service on the DataPower Gateway can use this port. Enter any value in the range 1 - 65535.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`

Optional:

- `credential_charset` (String) Specifies the character encoding of the original basic authentication values. Basic authentication credentials are combined and base64 encoded in the authorization header of the request. The appliance transcodes the contents of the authorization header to UTF-8. Defaults to Protocol which is ISO-8859-1, Latin 1.
  - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
  - Default value: `protocol`
- `local_address` (String) Specify the host alias or local IP address on the appliance that the service listens on. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which denotes all local addresses.
  - CLI Alias: `address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `ssl_server` (String) Specify the TLS server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
  - Required When: (`use_ssl`=`true` AND `ssl_server_config_type`=`server`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) Specify the TLS profile type to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
  - Required When: `use_ssl`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) Specify the TLS SNI server profile to secure connections between clients and the DataPower Gateway
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Required When: (`use_ssl`=`true` AND `ssl_server_config_type`=`sni`)
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Indicate whether to use the assigned TLS profile to control connections to this TCP port. When enabled, the service expects HTTPS requests on this port.
  - CLI Alias: `use-ssl`
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
