docs/resources/web_sphere_jms_server.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_sphere_jms_server Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define the connection details to the remote WebSphere JMS server environment. This configuration is responsible for JMS messaging by periodically monitoring and polling queues to ensure that sent messages are directed to the correct receive queue or are routed to another queue manager.
  CLI Alias: wasjms-server
---

# datapower_web_sphere_jms_server (Resource)

Define the connection details to the remote WebSphere JMS server environment. This configuration is responsible for JMS messaging by periodically monitoring and polling queues to ensure that sent messages are directed to the correct receive queue or are routed to another queue manager.
  - CLI Alias: `wasjms-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_sphere_jms_server" "test" {
  id         = "ResTest_WebSphereJMSServer"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  endpoint = [{
    host      = "localhost"
    port      = 8888
    transport = "TCP"
  }]
  messaging_bus = "bus"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) <p>Specify JMS nondefault bootstrap server endpoints by host, port, and protocol to use for the bootstrap process.</p><p>A service integration bus (SIB) supports applications that use message-based and service-oriented architectures. A bus is a group of interconnected servers and clusters that were added as members. Applications connect to a bus at one of the messaging engines that is associated with its bus members.</p><p>A messaging engine is a component that runs inside a server. The messaging engine manages messaging resources for a bus member. Applications connect to a messaging engine when a SIB is accessed.</p><p>Applications, such as the WebSphere JMS message provider, that run outside the WebSphere Application Server environment cannot directly locate a suitable messaging engine to connect to the target bus. In such cases, the remote clients or servers must access the bus through a bootstrap server that is a member of the target bus. A bootstrap server is an application server that runs the SIB process. The bootstrap server does not need to run any message engines. Rather the bootstrap server selects a messaging engine that is running in an application server that supports the bootstrap protocol that was requested.</p><p>The connection sequence to a messaging engine is as follows. <ol><li>The remote application first connects to a bootstrap server.</li><li>The bootstrap server selects a messaging engine.</li><li>The bootstrap server tells the client application to connect to that message engine to gain bus access.</li></ol></p><p>A bootstrap server uses a host name or IP address, with a port number and a bootstrap transport chain. The transport chain identifies the protocol stack that is offered by the bootstrap server to define an endpoint address.</p><p>The protocol stack that is used to access the bootstrap server does not need to be the same protocol stack that is used for actual message transfer over the bus.</p><p>You can add multiple nondefault bootstrap servers. For failover capability, the endpoints must be members of the same WebSphere Application Server cluster.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `messaging_bus` (String) <p>Specify the SIB to access the remote WebSphere JMS service provider.</p><p>A SIB supports applications that use message-based and service-oriented architectures. A bus is a group of interconnected servers and clusters that were added as members of the bus. Applications connect to a bus at one of the messaging engines that is associated with its bus members.</p><p>If you have access to the WebSphere Application Server administrative console, you can view bus information through the <b>Service integration/Buses</b> menu. This information includes bus members and messaging engines, queues, topics, and the bus-specific default topic space.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `messaging-bus`

### Optional

- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Specify how to control the automatic error-recovery procedure for the connection. By default, automatic error-recovery is enabled to reestablish a connection that was broken in response to an error condition.
  - CLI Alias: `auto-retry`
  - Default value: `true`
- `default_message_type` (String) <p>Specify the default JMS message type. This message type is provided only when the message type cannot be determined from the JMS message headers. By default, the message payload is accessed as a Java byte array.</p><p>On the transaction level, the <tt>DP_JMSMessageType</tt> header can change this setting.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `default-message-type`
  - Choices: `byte`, `text`
  - Default value: `byte`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Specify how to control JMS-specific expanded logging. By default, expanded logging is disabled.
  - CLI Alias: `enable-logging`
  - Default value: `false`
- `fips` (Boolean) Specify whether to require the assignment of a FIPS-compliant cipher for the WebSphere JMS message provider. By default, a FIPS-compliant cipher is not required. When enabled, which prevents the use of non-FIPs compliance ciphers, requires the use of one of the following ciphers. <ul><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA</tt></li><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA</tt></li><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256</tt></li><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256</tt></li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-fips`
  - Default value: `false`
  - Not Valid When: (`ssl_client_config_type`=`client` AND `ssl_client`=``)
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Specify the maximum message size in bytes. Enter a value in the range 0 - 1073741824. The default value is 1048576. A value of 0 disables the enforcement of a maximum message size.
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-message-size`
  - Range: `0`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Specify the maximum memory allocation for pending messages in bytes. Enter a value in the range 10485760 - 1073741824. The default value is 268435456.
  - CLI Alias: `memory-threshold`
  - Range: `10485760`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `268435456`
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Specify the interval between attempts to reestablish a connection in seconds. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 1.
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `sessions_per_connection` (Number) Specify the maximum number of concurrent multiplexed sessions that a single connection can support. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default is 100. <p>Session requests in excess of the defined value trigger the establishment of a new connection to the server. A new connection cannot be established unless the number of current connections is less than the value set for total connections.</p><p>For example, with values of 20 sessions per connection, 5 total connections, and 3 active fully subscribed connections, a new session request generates the establishment of a fourth connection.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `sessions-per-connection`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `100`
- `ssl_cipher` (String) Specify the IBM cipher specification when the TLS profile establishes a secure connection with the WebSphere JMS message provider. When you specify a TLS profile, the cipher suite that is associated with the profile is replaced by an IBM default cipher specification. The default value is <tt>SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-cipher`
  - Choices: `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC2_CBC_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC4_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_RC4_56_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA256`
  - Not Valid When: (`ssl_client_config_type`=`client` AND `ssl_client`=``)
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_client_config_type`=`proxy`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `target_transport_chain` (String) <p>Specify the predefined transport chain to use for WebSphere JMS message exchanges. The transport chain used for message exchange need not match the chain used for bootstrap access.</p><p>This property takes one of the following values. The default value is <tt>InboundBasicMessaging</tt> . <dl><dt><tt>InboundBasicMessaging</tt></dt><dd>Specifies the predefined <tt>InboundBasicMessaging</tt> transport chain (JFAP-TCP/IP).</dd><dt><tt>InboundHTTPMessaging</tt></dt><dd>Specifies the predefined <tt>InboundHTTPMessaging</tt> transport chain (tunnels JFAP using HTTP wrappers).</dd><dt><tt>InboundSecureMessaging</tt></dt><dd>Specifies the predefined <tt>InboundSecureMessaging</tt> transport chain (JFAP-SSL-TCP/IP).</dd></dl></p><p>If you have access to the WebSphere Administrative Console, you can view transport chain information through the <b>Application Servers/serverName/Transport Chain</b> menu.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `target-transport-chain`
  - Default value: `InboundBasicMessaging`
- `total_connection_limit` (Number) Specify the maximum number of simultaneous open connections. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 64.
  - CLI Alias: `total-connection-limit`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `64`
- `transactional` (Boolean) Specify whether to acknowledge messages only after the transaction succeeds. When enabled, messages are acknowledged only after the transaction succeeds. By default, transaction-based processing is disabled.
  - CLI Alias: `transactional`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_name` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `username`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of a bootstrap server.
- `port` (Number) Specify the listening port number of a bootstrap server.

Optional:

- `transport` (String) Specify the predefined transport chain for the bootstrap server. This connection is used to exchange information between the DataPower Gateway and the bootstrap server. By default, uses the predefined <tt>BootstrapBasicMessaging</tt> transport chain.
  - Choices: `TCP`, `SSL`, `HTTP`, `HTTPS`
  - Default value: `TCP`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/web_sphere_jms_server.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_sphere_jms_server Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define the connection details to the remote WebSphere JMS server environment. This configuration is responsible for JMS messaging by periodically monitoring and polling queues to ensure that sent messages are directed to the correct receive queue or are routed to another queue manager.
  CLI Alias: wasjms-server
---

# datapower_web_sphere_jms_server (Resource)

Define the connection details to the remote WebSphere JMS server environment. This configuration is responsible for JMS messaging by periodically monitoring and polling queues to ensure that sent messages are directed to the correct receive queue or are routed to another queue manager.
  - CLI Alias: `wasjms-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_sphere_jms_server" "test" {
  id         = "ResTest_WebSphereJMSServer"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  endpoint = [{
    host      = "localhost"
    port      = 8888
    transport = "TCP"
  }]
  messaging_bus = "bus"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) <p>Specify JMS nondefault bootstrap server endpoints by host, port, and protocol to use for the bootstrap process.</p><p>A service integration bus (SIB) supports applications that use message-based and service-oriented architectures. A bus is a group of interconnected servers and clusters that were added as members. Applications connect to a bus at one of the messaging engines that is associated with its bus members.</p><p>A messaging engine is a component that runs inside a server. The messaging engine manages messaging resources for a bus member. Applications connect to a messaging engine when a SIB is accessed.</p><p>Applications, such as the WebSphere JMS message provider, that run outside the WebSphere Application Server environment cannot directly locate a suitable messaging engine to connect to the target bus. In such cases, the remote clients or servers must access the bus through a bootstrap server that is a member of the target bus. A bootstrap server is an application server that runs the SIB process. The bootstrap server does not need to run any message engines. Rather the bootstrap server selects a messaging engine that is running in an application server that supports the bootstrap protocol that was requested.</p><p>The connection sequence to a messaging engine is as follows. <ol><li>The remote application first connects to a bootstrap server.</li><li>The bootstrap server selects a messaging engine.</li><li>The bootstrap server tells the client application to connect to that message engine to gain bus access.</li></ol></p><p>A bootstrap server uses a host name or IP address, with a port number and a bootstrap transport chain. The transport chain identifies the protocol stack that is offered by the bootstrap server to define an endpoint address.</p><p>The protocol stack that is used to access the bootstrap server does not need to be the same protocol stack that is used for actual message transfer over the bus.</p><p>You can add multiple nondefault bootstrap servers. For failover capability, the endpoints must be members of the same WebSphere Application Server cluster.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `messaging_bus` (String) <p>Specify the SIB to access the remote WebSphere JMS service provider.</p><p>A SIB supports applications that use message-based and service-oriented architectures. A bus is a group of interconnected servers and clusters that were added as members of the bus. Applications connect to a bus at one of the messaging engines that is associated with its bus members.</p><p>If you have access to the WebSphere Application Server administrative console, you can view bus information through the <b>Service integration/Buses</b> menu. This information includes bus members and messaging engines, queues, topics, and the bus-specific default topic space.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `messaging-bus`

### Optional

- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Specify how to control the automatic error-recovery procedure for the connection. By default, automatic error-recovery is enabled to reestablish a connection that was broken in response to an error condition.
  - CLI Alias: `auto-retry`
  - Default value: `true`
- `default_message_type` (String) <p>Specify the default JMS message type. This message type is provided only when the message type cannot be determined from the JMS message headers. By default, the message payload is accessed as a Java byte array.</p><p>On the transaction level, the <tt>DP_JMSMessageType</tt> header can change this setting.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `default-message-type`
  - Choices: `byte`, `text`
  - Default value: `byte`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Specify how to control JMS-specific expanded logging. By default, expanded logging is disabled.
  - CLI Alias: `enable-logging`
  - Default value: `false`
- `fips` (Boolean) Specify whether to require the assignment of a FIPS-compliant cipher for the WebSphere JMS message provider. By default, a FIPS-compliant cipher is not required. When enabled, which prevents the use of non-FIPs compliance ciphers, requires the use of one of the following ciphers. <ul><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA</tt></li><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA</tt></li><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256</tt></li><li><tt>TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256</tt></li></ul>
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-fips`
  - Default value: `false`
  - Not Valid When: (`ssl_client_config_type`=`client` AND `ssl_client`=``)
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Specify the maximum message size in bytes. Enter a value in the range 0 - 1073741824. The default value is 1048576. A value of 0 disables the enforcement of a maximum message size.
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-message-size`
  - Range: `0`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Specify the maximum memory allocation for pending messages in bytes. Enter a value in the range 10485760 - 1073741824. The default value is 268435456.
  - CLI Alias: `memory-threshold`
  - Range: `10485760`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `268435456`
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `retry_interval` (Number) Specify the interval between attempts to reestablish a connection in seconds. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 1.
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `sessions_per_connection` (Number) Specify the maximum number of concurrent multiplexed sessions that a single connection can support. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default is 100. <p>Session requests in excess of the defined value trigger the establishment of a new connection to the server. A new connection cannot be established unless the number of current connections is less than the value set for total connections.</p><p>For example, with values of 20 sessions per connection, 5 total connections, and 3 active fully subscribed connections, a new session request generates the establishment of a fourth connection.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `sessions-per-connection`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `100`
- `ssl_cipher` (String) Specify the IBM cipher specification when the TLS profile establishes a secure connection with the WebSphere JMS message provider. When you specify a TLS profile, the cipher suite that is associated with the profile is replaced by an IBM default cipher specification. The default value is <tt>SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-cipher`
  - Choices: `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC2_CBC_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC4_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_RC4_56_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA256`
  - Not Valid When: (`ssl_client_config_type`=`client` AND `ssl_client`=``)
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_client_config_type`=`proxy`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `target_transport_chain` (String) <p>Specify the predefined transport chain to use for WebSphere JMS message exchanges. The transport chain used for message exchange need not match the chain used for bootstrap access.</p><p>This property takes one of the following values. The default value is <tt>InboundBasicMessaging</tt> . <dl><dt><tt>InboundBasicMessaging</tt></dt><dd>Specifies the predefined <tt>InboundBasicMessaging</tt> transport chain (JFAP-TCP/IP).</dd><dt><tt>InboundHTTPMessaging</tt></dt><dd>Specifies the predefined <tt>InboundHTTPMessaging</tt> transport chain (tunnels JFAP using HTTP wrappers).</dd><dt><tt>InboundSecureMessaging</tt></dt><dd>Specifies the predefined <tt>InboundSecureMessaging</tt> transport chain (JFAP-SSL-TCP/IP).</dd></dl></p><p>If you have access to the WebSphere Administrative Console, you can view transport chain information through the <b>Application Servers/serverName/Transport Chain</b> menu.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `target-transport-chain`
  - Default value: `InboundBasicMessaging`
- `total_connection_limit` (Number) Specify the maximum number of simultaneous open connections. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 64.
  - CLI Alias: `total-connection-limit`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `64`
- `transactional` (Boolean) Specify whether to acknowledge messages only after the transaction succeeds. When enabled, messages are acknowledged only after the transaction succeeds. By default, transaction-based processing is disabled.
  - CLI Alias: `transactional`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_name` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `username`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of a bootstrap server.
- `port` (Number) Specify the listening port number of a bootstrap server.

Optional:

- `transport` (String) Specify the predefined transport chain for the bootstrap server. This connection is used to exchange information between the DataPower Gateway and the bootstrap server. By default, uses the predefined <tt>BootstrapBasicMessaging</tt> transport chain.
  - Choices: `TCP`, `SSL`, `HTTP`, `HTTPS`
  - Default value: `TCP`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
