docs/resources/web_app_response.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_response Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
  CLI Alias: webapp-response-profile
---

# datapower_web_app_response (Resource)

The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
  - CLI Alias: `webapp-response-profile`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_app_response" "test" {
  id          = "ResTest_WebAppResponse"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  policy_type = "admission"
  ok_codes = {
  }
  ok_versions = {
  }
  content_types = [".*", ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `content_types` (List of String) A list of PCRE regular expressions that indicate acceptable content-type MIME headers on the response. If this list is empty, any content-type is acceptable. If the response does not have a content type that will be represented as an empty string for matching purposes. An empty list will match all content types.
  - CLI Alias: `response-content-type`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_policy` (String) If this response policy is violated the firewall error policy will be invoked unless this more specific error policy is provided, in which case this policy takes precedence.
  - CLI Alias: `error-policy-override`
  - Reference to: `datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy:id`
- `header_gnvc` (String) The validation profile allows you to specify what headers are expected, what headers should be stripped, and what headers should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any header is allowed.
  - CLI Alias: `response-header-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_name_value_profile:id`
- `max_body_size` (Number) Specify the maximum size of the response body.
  - CLI Alias: `response-body-max`
  - Default value: `128000000`
- `min_body_size` (Number) Specify the minimum size of the response body.
  - CLI Alias: `response-body-min`
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that do not contain an XML MIME type.
  - CLI Alias: `response-nonxml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `side`, `binary`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `non_xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response does not contain an XML MIME type and the Non-XML processing policy is set to binary or side-effect.
  - CLI Alias: `response-nonxml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `non_xml_policy`=`side`|`binary`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `ok_codes` (Attributes) Specify which response codes from the backend server are acceptable.
  - CLI Alias: `response-codes` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_codes))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP versions are acceptable from the backend server.
  - CLI Alias: `response-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Select the satisfaction policy for the profile. The default is Admission.
  - CLI Alias: `policy-type`
  - Choices: `pre-requisite`, `admission`
  - Default value: `admission`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that contain an XML MIME type.
  - CLI Alias: `response-xml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `xml`, `soap`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response contains an XML MIME type and the XML processing policy is set to XML or SOAP.
  - CLI Alias: `response-xml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `xml_policy`=`xml`|`soap`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--ok_codes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_codes`

Optional:

- `http_100` (Boolean) 100 Continue
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_101` (Boolean) 101 Switching Protocols
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_200` (Boolean) 200 OK
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_201` (Boolean) 201 Created
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_202` (Boolean) 202 Accepted
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_203` (Boolean) 203 Non-Authoritative Information
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_204` (Boolean) 204 No Content
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_205` (Boolean) 205 Reset Content
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_206` (Boolean) 206 Partial Content
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_300` (Boolean) 300 Multiple Choices
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_301` (Boolean) 301 Moved
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_302` (Boolean) 302 Found
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_303` (Boolean) 303 See Other
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_304` (Boolean) 304 Not Modified
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_305` (Boolean) 305 Use Proxy
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_307` (Boolean) 307 Temporary Redirect
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_400` (Boolean) 400 Bad Request
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_401` (Boolean) 401 Unauthorized
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_402` (Boolean) 402 Payment Required
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_403` (Boolean) 403 Forbidden
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_404` (Boolean) 404 Not Found
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_405` (Boolean) 405 Method Not Allowed
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_406` (Boolean) 406 Not Acceptable
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_407` (Boolean) 407 Proxy Authentication Required
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_408` (Boolean) 408 Request Timeout
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_409` (Boolean) 409 Conflict
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_410` (Boolean) 410 Gone
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_411` (Boolean) 411 Length required
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_412` (Boolean) 412 Precondition Failed
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_413` (Boolean) 413 Request Entity Too Large
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_500` (Boolean) 500 Server Error
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_503` (Boolean) 503 Service Unavailable
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_versions`

Optional:

- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1
  - Default value: `true`

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/web_app_response.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_web_app_response Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
  CLI Alias: webapp-response-profile
---

# datapower_web_app_response (Resource)

The web response profile specifies various properties about the response side of the transaction that must be satisfied.
  - CLI Alias: `webapp-response-profile`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_web_app_response" "test" {
  id          = "ResTest_WebAppResponse"
  app_domain  = "acceptance_test"
  policy_type = "admission"
  ok_codes = {
  }
  ok_versions = {
  }
  content_types = [".*", ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `content_types` (List of String) A list of PCRE regular expressions that indicate acceptable content-type MIME headers on the response. If this list is empty, any content-type is acceptable. If the response does not have a content type that will be represented as an empty string for matching purposes. An empty list will match all content types.
  - CLI Alias: `response-content-type`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_policy` (String) If this response policy is violated the firewall error policy will be invoked unless this more specific error policy is provided, in which case this policy takes precedence.
  - CLI Alias: `error-policy-override`
  - Reference to: `datapower_web_app_error_handling_policy:id`
- `header_gnvc` (String) The validation profile allows you to specify what headers are expected, what headers should be stripped, and what headers should be mapped to known values. If no profile is specified, any header is allowed.
  - CLI Alias: `response-header-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_name_value_profile:id`
- `max_body_size` (Number) Specify the maximum size of the response body.
  - CLI Alias: `response-body-max`
  - Default value: `128000000`
- `min_body_size` (Number) Specify the minimum size of the response body.
  - CLI Alias: `response-body-min`
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that do not contain an XML MIME type.
  - CLI Alias: `response-nonxml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `side`, `binary`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `non_xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response does not contain an XML MIME type and the Non-XML processing policy is set to binary or side-effect.
  - CLI Alias: `response-nonxml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `non_xml_policy`=`side`|`binary`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `ok_codes` (Attributes) Specify which response codes from the backend server are acceptable.
  - CLI Alias: `response-codes` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_codes))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Specify which HTTP versions are acceptable from the backend server.
  - CLI Alias: `response-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Select the satisfaction policy for the profile. The default is Admission.
  - CLI Alias: `policy-type`
  - Choices: `pre-requisite`, `admission`
  - Default value: `admission`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_policy` (String) Specify how the device handles responses that contain an XML MIME type.
  - CLI Alias: `response-xml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `xml`, `soap`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `xml_rule` (String) This is the transformation rule that is run when the response contains an XML MIME type and the XML processing policy is set to XML or SOAP.
  - CLI Alias: `response-xml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
  - Required When: `xml_policy`=`xml`|`soap`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--ok_codes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_codes`

Optional:

- `http_100` (Boolean) 100 Continue
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_101` (Boolean) 101 Switching Protocols
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_200` (Boolean) 200 OK
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_201` (Boolean) 201 Created
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_202` (Boolean) 202 Accepted
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_203` (Boolean) 203 Non-Authoritative Information
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_204` (Boolean) 204 No Content
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_205` (Boolean) 205 Reset Content
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_206` (Boolean) 206 Partial Content
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_300` (Boolean) 300 Multiple Choices
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_301` (Boolean) 301 Moved
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_302` (Boolean) 302 Found
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_303` (Boolean) 303 See Other
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_304` (Boolean) 304 Not Modified
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_305` (Boolean) 305 Use Proxy
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_307` (Boolean) 307 Temporary Redirect
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_400` (Boolean) 400 Bad Request
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_401` (Boolean) 401 Unauthorized
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_402` (Boolean) 402 Payment Required
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_403` (Boolean) 403 Forbidden
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_404` (Boolean) 404 Not Found
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_405` (Boolean) 405 Method Not Allowed
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_406` (Boolean) 406 Not Acceptable
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_407` (Boolean) 407 Proxy Authentication Required
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_408` (Boolean) 408 Request Timeout
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_409` (Boolean) 409 Conflict
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_410` (Boolean) 410 Gone
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_411` (Boolean) 411 Length required
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_412` (Boolean) 412 Precondition Failed
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_413` (Boolean) 413 Request Entity Too Large
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_500` (Boolean) 500 Server Error
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_503` (Boolean) 503 Service Unavailable
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_versions`

Optional:

- `http_1d0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1d1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
