docs/resources/webapprequest.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webapprequest Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Web Request Profile
  CLI Alias: webapp-request-profile
---

# datapower_webapprequest (Resource)

Web Request Profile
  - CLI Alias: `webapp-request-profile`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_webapprequest" "test" {
  id         = "_WebAppRequest_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `aaa` (String) AAA Policy
  - CLI Alias: `aaa-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaapolicy:id`
- `acl` (String) Access Control List
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accesscontrollist:id`
- `content_types` (List of String) Content-Type List
  - CLI Alias: `request-content-type`
- `cookie_name_vector` (List of String) Cookie Names
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-namelist`
- `cookie_profile` (Attributes) Cookie Profile
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cookie_profile))
- `error_policy` (String) Error Policy
  - CLI Alias: `error-policy-override`
  - Reference to: `datapower_webapperrorhandlingpolicy:id`
- `header_gnvc` (String) Header Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-header-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `max_body_size` (Number) Maximum Size
  - CLI Alias: `request-body-max`
  - Default value: `128000000`
- `max_uri_size` (Number) Maximum URI Length
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-max`
  - Default value: `1024`
- `min_body_size` (Number) Minimum Size
  - CLI Alias: `request-body-min`
- `multipart_form_data` (Attributes) Multipart/Form-Data Profile
  - CLI Alias: `multipart-form-data` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multipart_form_data))
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Non-XML Processing
  - CLI Alias: `request-nonxml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `side`, `binary`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `non_xml_rule` (String) Non-XML Processing Rule
  - CLI Alias: `request-nonxml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_stylepolicyrule:id`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `ok_methods` (Attributes) Methods
  - CLI Alias: `request-methods` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_methods))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Versions
  - CLI Alias: `request-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Style
  - CLI Alias: `policy-type`
  - Choices: `pre-requisite`, `admission`
  - Default value: `admission`
- `process_all_cookie` (Boolean) Sign or Encrypt All Cookies
  - CLI Alias: `process-all-cookie`
  - Default value: `true`
- `query_string_gnvc` (String) QueryString Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-qs-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `query_string_policy` (String) Allow Query String
  - CLI Alias: `request-qs-policy`
  - Choices: `allow`, `require`, `deny`
  - Default value: `allow`
- `rate_limiter` (String) Rate Limiting
  - CLI Alias: `ratelimiter-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_simplecountmonitor:id`
- `session_management_profile` (String) Session Policy
  - CLI Alias: `session-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_webappsessionpolicy:id`
- `sql_injection` (Boolean) SQL Injection Filter
  - CLI Alias: `request-sql-policy`
  - Default value: `false`
- `sql_injection_patterns_file` (String) SQL Injection Patterns File
  - CLI Alias: `sql-injection-patterns-file`
  - Default value: `store:///SQL-Injection-Patterns.xml`
- `ss_key` (String) Shared Secret Key
  - CLI Alias: `ss-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `ssl_policy` (String) Allow SSL
  - CLI Alias: `request-ssl-policy`
  - Choices: `allow`, `require`, `deny`
  - Default value: `allow`
- `uri_filter_dot_dot` (Boolean) Filter Dot Dot
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-dotdot`
  - Default value: `true`
- `uri_filter_exe` (Boolean) Filter .exe
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-exe`
  - Default value: `true`
- `uri_filter_fragment` (String) Fragmented URI Policy
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-fragment`
  - Choices: `allow`, `reject`, `truncate`
  - Default value: `truncate`
- `uri_filter_unicode` (Boolean) Filter Unicode
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-unicode`
  - Default value: `true`
- `url_encoded_gnvc` (String) URL-Encoded Body Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-body-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_policy` (String) XML Processing
  - CLI Alias: `request-xml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `xml`, `soap`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `xml_rule` (String) XML Transformation Rule
  - CLI Alias: `request-xml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_stylepolicyrule:id`

<a id="nestedatt--cookie_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cookie_profile`

Optional:

- `cookie_gnvc` (String) Cookie Content Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-cookie-gnvc`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `cookie_policy` (String) Allow Cookies
  - Choices: `allow`, `require`, `deny`
  - Default value: `allow`
- `i_pin_watermark` (Boolean) IP Address specific Cookies
  - Default value: `true`
- `key` (String) Secret Key Passphrase
  - Default value: `secret`
- `type` (String) Sign or Encrypt Cookies
  - Choices: `none`, `sign`, `encrypt`
  - Default value: `none`
- `use_shared_secret_object` (Boolean) Use Shared Secret Key
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--multipart_form_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multipart_form_data`

Optional:

- `content_type_restricted` (Boolean) Restrict Sub-Content Types
  - Default value: `false`
- `max_parts` (Number) Maximum Number of Parts
  - Default value: `4`
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum Aggregate Size of All Parts
  - Default value: `5000000`
- `max_size_per_part` (Number) Maximum Size Per Part
  - Default value: `5000000`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--ok_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_methods`

Optional:

- `connect` (Boolean) CONNECT method
  - Default value: `false`
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
  - Default value: `false`
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
  - Default value: `true`
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
  - Default value: `true`
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS method
  - Default value: `false`
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
  - Default value: `false`
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
  - Default value: `true`
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
  - Default value: `false`
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_versions`

Optional:

- `http_1_0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1_1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1
  - Default value: `true`

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/webapprequest.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webapprequest Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Web Request Profile
  CLI Alias: webapp-request-profile
---

# datapower_webapprequest (Resource)

Web Request Profile
  - CLI Alias: `webapp-request-profile`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_webapprequest" "test" {
  id         = "_WebAppRequest_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `aaa` (String) AAA Policy
  - CLI Alias: `aaa-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_aaapolicy:id`
- `acl` (String) Access Control List
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accesscontrollist:id`
- `content_types` (List of String) Content-Type List
  - CLI Alias: `request-content-type`
- `cookie_name_vector` (List of String) Cookie Names
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-namelist`
- `cookie_profile` (Attributes) Cookie Profile
  - CLI Alias: `cookie-policy` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cookie_profile))
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `error_policy` (String) Error Policy
  - CLI Alias: `error-policy-override`
  - Reference to: `datapower_webapperrorhandlingpolicy:id`
- `header_gnvc` (String) Header Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-header-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `max_body_size` (Number) Maximum Size
  - CLI Alias: `request-body-max`
  - Default value: `128000000`
- `max_uri_size` (Number) Maximum URI Length
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-max`
  - Default value: `1024`
- `min_body_size` (Number) Minimum Size
  - CLI Alias: `request-body-min`
- `multipart_form_data` (Attributes) Multipart/Form-Data Profile
  - CLI Alias: `multipart-form-data` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multipart_form_data))
- `non_xml_policy` (String) Non-XML Processing
  - CLI Alias: `request-nonxml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `side`, `binary`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `non_xml_rule` (String) Non-XML Processing Rule
  - CLI Alias: `request-nonxml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_stylepolicyrule:id`
- `ok_methods` (Attributes) Methods
  - CLI Alias: `request-methods` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_methods))
- `ok_versions` (Attributes) Versions
  - CLI Alias: `request-versions` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ok_versions))
- `policy_type` (String) Style
  - CLI Alias: `policy-type`
  - Choices: `pre-requisite`, `admission`
  - Default value: `admission`
- `process_all_cookie` (Boolean) Sign or Encrypt All Cookies
  - CLI Alias: `process-all-cookie`
  - Default value: `true`
- `query_string_gnvc` (String) QueryString Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-qs-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `query_string_policy` (String) Allow Query String
  - CLI Alias: `request-qs-policy`
  - Choices: `allow`, `require`, `deny`
  - Default value: `allow`
- `rate_limiter` (String) Rate Limiting
  - CLI Alias: `ratelimiter-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_simplecountmonitor:id`
- `session_management_profile` (String) Session Policy
  - CLI Alias: `session-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_webappsessionpolicy:id`
- `sql_injection` (Boolean) SQL Injection Filter
  - CLI Alias: `request-sql-policy`
  - Default value: `false`
- `sql_injection_patterns_file` (String) SQL Injection Patterns File
  - CLI Alias: `sql-injection-patterns-file`
  - Default value: `store:///SQL-Injection-Patterns.xml`
- `ss_key` (String) Shared Secret Key
  - CLI Alias: `ss-key`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `ssl_policy` (String) Allow SSL
  - CLI Alias: `request-ssl-policy`
  - Choices: `allow`, `require`, `deny`
  - Default value: `allow`
- `uri_filter_dot_dot` (Boolean) Filter Dot Dot
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-dotdot`
  - Default value: `true`
- `uri_filter_exe` (Boolean) Filter .exe
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-exe`
  - Default value: `true`
- `uri_filter_fragment` (String) Fragmented URI Policy
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-fragment`
  - Choices: `allow`, `reject`, `truncate`
  - Default value: `truncate`
- `uri_filter_unicode` (Boolean) Filter Unicode
  - CLI Alias: `request-uri-filter-unicode`
  - Default value: `true`
- `url_encoded_gnvc` (String) URL-Encoded Body Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-body-profile`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_policy` (String) XML Processing
  - CLI Alias: `request-xml-policy`
  - Choices: `nothing`, `xml`, `soap`
  - Default value: `nothing`
- `xml_rule` (String) XML Transformation Rule
  - CLI Alias: `request-xml-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_stylepolicyrule:id`

<a id="nestedatt--cookie_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cookie_profile`

Optional:

- `cookie_gnvc` (String) Cookie Content Name-Value Profile
  - CLI Alias: `request-cookie-gnvc`
  - Reference to: `datapower_namevalueprofile:id`
- `cookie_policy` (String) Allow Cookies
  - Choices: `allow`, `require`, `deny`
  - Default value: `allow`
- `i_pin_watermark` (Boolean) IP Address specific Cookies
  - Default value: `true`
- `key` (String) Secret Key Passphrase
  - Default value: `secret`
- `type` (String) Sign or Encrypt Cookies
  - Choices: `none`, `sign`, `encrypt`
  - Default value: `none`
- `use_shared_secret_object` (Boolean) Use Shared Secret Key
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--multipart_form_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multipart_form_data`

Optional:

- `content_type_restricted` (Boolean) Restrict Sub-Content Types
  - Default value: `false`
- `max_parts` (Number) Maximum Number of Parts
  - Default value: `4`
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum Aggregate Size of All Parts
  - Default value: `5000000`
- `max_size_per_part` (Number) Maximum Size Per Part
  - Default value: `5000000`


<a id="nestedatt--ok_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_methods`

Optional:

- `connect` (Boolean) CONNECT method
  - Default value: `false`
- `delete` (Boolean) DELETE method
  - Default value: `false`
- `get` (Boolean) GET method
  - Default value: `true`
- `head` (Boolean) HEAD method
  - Default value: `true`
- `options` (Boolean) OPTIONS method
  - Default value: `false`
- `patch` (Boolean) PATCH method
  - Default value: `false`
- `post` (Boolean) POST method
  - Default value: `true`
- `put` (Boolean) PUT method
  - Default value: `false`
- `trace` (Boolean) TRACE method
  - Default value: `false`


<a id="nestedatt--ok_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ok_versions`

Optional:

- `http_1_0` (Boolean) HTTP 1.0
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_1_1` (Boolean) HTTP 1.1
  - Default value: `true`
