docs/resources/webspherejmsserver.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webspherejmsserver Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WebSphere JMS Server
  CLI Alias: wasjms-server
---

# datapower_webspherejmsserver (Resource)

WebSphere JMS Server
  - CLI Alias: `wasjms-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_webspherejmsserver" "test" {
  id         = "_WebSphereJMSServer_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  endpoint = [{
    host      = "localhost"
    port      = 8888
    transport = "TCP"
  }]
  messaging_bus = "bus"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) Endpoints
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `messaging_bus` (String) Messaging bus
  - CLI Alias: `messaging-bus`

### Optional

- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Automatic retry
  - CLI Alias: `auto-retry`
  - Default value: `true`
- `default_message_type` (String) Default message type
  - CLI Alias: `default-message-type`
  - Choices: `byte`, `text`
  - Default value: `byte`
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Enable JMS-specific logging
  - CLI Alias: `enable-logging`
  - Default value: `false`
- `fips` (Boolean) FIPS compliant ciphers suite
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-fips`
  - Default value: `false`
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Max message size
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-message-size`
  - Range: `0`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Memory threshold
  - CLI Alias: `memory-threshold`
  - Range: `10485760`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `268435456`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `sessions_per_connection` (Number) Max number of sessions per connection
  - CLI Alias: `sessions-per-connection`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `100`
- `ssl_cipher` (String) TLS ciphers
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-cipher`
  - Choices: `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC2_CBC_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC4_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_RC4_56_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA256`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `target_transport_chain` (String) Target transport chain
  - CLI Alias: `target-transport-chain`
  - Default value: `InboundBasicMessaging`
- `total_connection_limit` (Number) Total connection limit
  - CLI Alias: `total-connection-limit`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `64`
- `transactional` (Boolean) Transactional
  - CLI Alias: `transactional`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_name` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `username`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host
- `port` (Number) Port

Optional:

- `transport` (String) Transport chain
  - Choices: `TCP`, `SSL`, `HTTP`, `HTTPS`
  - Default value: `TCP`


<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/webspherejmsserver.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_webspherejmsserver Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WebSphere JMS Server
  CLI Alias: wasjms-server
---

# datapower_webspherejmsserver (Resource)

WebSphere JMS Server
  - CLI Alias: `wasjms-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_webspherejmsserver" "test" {
  id         = "_WebSphereJMSServer_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
  endpoint = [{
    host      = "localhost"
    port      = 8888
    transport = "TCP"
  }]
  messaging_bus = "bus"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `endpoint` (Attributes List) Endpoints
  - CLI Alias: `endpoint` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `messaging_bus` (String) Messaging bus
  - CLI Alias: `messaging-bus`

### Optional

- `auto_retry` (Boolean) Automatic retry
  - CLI Alias: `auto-retry`
  - Default value: `true`
- `default_message_type` (String) Default message type
  - CLI Alias: `default-message-type`
  - Choices: `byte`, `text`
  - Default value: `byte`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Enable JMS-specific logging
  - CLI Alias: `enable-logging`
  - Default value: `false`
- `fips` (Boolean) FIPS compliant ciphers suite
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-fips`
  - Default value: `false`
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) Max message size
  - CLI Alias: `maximum-message-size`
  - Range: `0`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `1048576`
- `memory_threshold` (Number) Memory threshold
  - CLI Alias: `memory-threshold`
  - Range: `10485760`-`1073741824`
  - Default value: `268435456`
- `password_alias` (String) Password alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Retry interval
  - CLI Alias: `retry-interval`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `1`
- `sessions_per_connection` (Number) Max number of sessions per connection
  - CLI Alias: `sessions-per-connection`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `100`
- `ssl_cipher` (String) TLS ciphers
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-cipher`
  - Choices: `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC2_CBC_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT_WITH_RC4_40_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_MD5`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_RC4_56_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_EXPORT1024_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `SSL_RSA_FIPS_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_DES_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256`, `TLS_RSA_WITH_NULL_SHA256`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `target_transport_chain` (String) Target transport chain
  - CLI Alias: `target-transport-chain`
  - Default value: `InboundBasicMessaging`
- `total_connection_limit` (Number) Total connection limit
  - CLI Alias: `total-connection-limit`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `64`
- `transactional` (Boolean) Transactional
  - CLI Alias: `transactional`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_name` (String) Username
  - CLI Alias: `username`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host
- `port` (Number) Port

Optional:

- `transport` (String) Transport chain
  - Choices: `TCP`, `SSL`, `HTTP`, `HTTPS`
  - Default value: `TCP`


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
