docs/resources/ws_style_policy_rule.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ws_style_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create, edit, or delete processing policy rules. Rules can also be created and edited using a drag and drop interface by opening the Services menu area on the left-hand navigation bar. Click the appropriate Policy link which will then present an opportunity to create both Rules and Actions.
  CLI Alias: wsm-rule
---

# datapower_ws_style_policy_rule (Resource)

Create, edit, or delete processing policy rules. Rules can also be created and edited using a drag and drop interface by opening the Services menu area on the left-hand navigation bar. Click the appropriate Policy link which will then present an opportunity to create both Rules and Actions.
  - CLI Alias: `wsm-rule`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ws_style_policy_rule" "test" {
  id            = "ResTest_WSStylePolicyRule"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  actions       = ["AccTest_StylePolicyAction"]
  direction     = "rule"
  input_format  = "none"
  output_format = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `actions` (List of String) The full action pipeline that includes the actions generated from the WSDL as well as the rules configured by the user.
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_action:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `direction` (String) Select a rule type. The default is Rule.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `rule`, `request-rule`, `response-rule`, `error-rule`
  - Default value: `rule`
- `input_format` (String) Select a decompression algorithm to apply to all messages before any other processing occurs (a preprocess step). All messages are decompressed using the selected algorithm. If the message is not compressed with this algorithm, an error is raised. This setting is independent of transport-level decompression. The default is None.
  - CLI Alias: `input-filter`
  - Choices: `none`, `gzip`, `pkzip`
  - Default value: `none`
- `non_xml_processing` (Boolean) Normally, processing is only performed on XML content. This option allows processing actions to be performed on Non-XML content as well.
  - CLI Alias: `non-xml-processing`
  - Default value: `false`
- `output_format` (String) Select a compression algorithm to apply to all messages after any other processing occurs (a post-process step). All messages are compressed using the selected algorithm. The resulting archive contains only one file. This setting is independent of transport-level compression. The default is None.
  - CLI Alias: `output-filter`
  - Choices: `none`, `gzip`, `pkzip`
  - Default value: `none`
- `unprocessed` (Boolean) Permit rule to pass-through data unprocessed
  - CLI Alias: `unprocessed`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added `ignored_when` logic and attribute validators for conditionally ignoring attributes

docs/resources/ws_style_policy_rule.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ws_style_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create, edit, or delete processing policy rules. Rules can also be created and edited using a drag and drop interface by opening the Services menu area on the left-hand navigation bar. Click the appropriate Policy link which will then present an opportunity to create both Rules and Actions.
  CLI Alias: wsm-rule
---

# datapower_ws_style_policy_rule (Resource)

Create, edit, or delete processing policy rules. Rules can also be created and edited using a drag and drop interface by opening the Services menu area on the left-hand navigation bar. Click the appropriate Policy link which will then present an opportunity to create both Rules and Actions.
  - CLI Alias: `wsm-rule`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ws_style_policy_rule" "test" {
  id            = "ResTest_WSStylePolicyRule"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  actions       = ["AccTest_StylePolicyAction"]
  direction     = "rule"
  input_format  = "none"
  output_format = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `actions` (List of String) The full action pipeline that includes the actions generated from the WSDL as well as the rules configured by the user.
  - CLI Alias: `action`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_action:id`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `direction` (String) Select a rule type. The default is Rule.
  - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `rule`, `request-rule`, `response-rule`, `error-rule`
  - Default value: `rule`
- `input_format` (String) Select a decompression algorithm to apply to all messages before any other processing occurs (a preprocess step). All messages are decompressed using the selected algorithm. If the message is not compressed with this algorithm, an error is raised. This setting is independent of transport-level decompression. The default is None.
  - CLI Alias: `input-filter`
  - Choices: `none`, `gzip`, `pkzip`
  - Default value: `none`
- `non_xml_processing` (Boolean) Normally, processing is only performed on XML content. This option allows processing actions to be performed on Non-XML content as well.
  - CLI Alias: `non-xml-processing`
  - Default value: `false`
  - Not Valid When: `unprocessed`=`true`
- `output_format` (String) Select a compression algorithm to apply to all messages after any other processing occurs (a post-process step). All messages are compressed using the selected algorithm. The resulting archive contains only one file. This setting is independent of transport-level compression. The default is None.
  - CLI Alias: `output-filter`
  - Choices: `none`, `gzip`, `pkzip`
  - Default value: `none`
- `unprocessed` (Boolean) Permit rule to pass-through data unprocessed
  - CLI Alias: `unprocessed`
  - Default value: `false`
  - Not Valid When: `non_xml_processing`=`true`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
