---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_ws_style_policy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create, Edit or Delete a Processing Policy. A policy consists of one or more Processing Rules. Rules execute depending upon the direction of the message and on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the document for processing. A service may have only one policy active at a time. Click Services in the left-hand navigation menu and then click the appropriate policy link to use the graphical interface to create and edit policies.
  CLI Alias: wsm-stylepolicy
---

# datapower_ws_style_policy (Resource)

Create, Edit or Delete a Processing Policy. A policy consists of one or more Processing Rules. Rules execute depending upon the direction of the message and on whether or not a corresponding matching rule selects the document for processing. A service may have only one policy active at a time. Click Services in the left-hand navigation menu and then click the appropriate policy link to use the graphical interface to create and edit policies.
  - CLI Alias: `wsm-stylepolicy`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_ws_style_policy" "test" {
  id         = "ResTestWSStylePolicy"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `def_stylesheet_for_soap` (String) Identify the default stylesheet used for SOAP filtering. The default rejects all SOAP documents.
  - CLI Alias: `filter`
  - Default value: `store:///filter-reject-all.xsl`
- `def_stylesheet_for_xsl` (String) Identify the default stylesheet used for XSL transformation. The default mirrors all documents.
  - CLI Alias: `xsldefault`
  - Default value: `store:///identity.xsl`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `policy_maps` (Attributes List) A list of Policy Rules and corresponding Matching Rules that this policy will execute. If a Match is found, the corresponding Rule runs. The policy executes the first Rule with a successful Match. The order in this list is therefore important.
  - CLI Alias: `match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_maps))
- `user_summary` (String) Enter a comment. This appears on the Policy catalog page.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--policy_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_maps`

Required:

- `match` (String) Select an existing Matching Rule.
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Select a WS-Proxy Processing Rule to run for matching transactions.
  - Reference to: `datapower_ws_style_policy_rule:id`

Optional:

- `subscription` (String) Select a subscription. The selected rule will be run for requests that correspond to services that belong to this subscription.
  - Required When: `wsdl_component_type`=`subscription`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `wsdl_component_type` (String) Select a type of WSDL Component. The default is All.
  - Choices: `all`, `subscription`, `wsdl`, `service`, `port`, `operation`, `fragmentid`
  - Default value: `all`
- `wsdl_component_value` (String) Enter the name of a WSDL-defined component of the type selected in the WSDL Component Type field. The selected rule will be run only if the component named here would be used in processing the client request.
  - Not Valid When: `wsdl_component_type`=`subscription`
- `wsdl_fragment_id` (String) Matches Fragment Identifier
