docs/resources/wsrrsubscription.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wsrrsubscription Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WSRR subscription
  CLI Alias: wsrr-subscription
---

# datapower_wsrrsubscription (Resource)

WSRR subscription
  - CLI Alias: `wsrr-subscription`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wsrrsubscription" "test" {
  id          = "WSRRSubscription_name"
  app_domain  = "acc_test_domain"
  server      = "TestAccWSRRServer"
  object_type = "wsdl"
  object_name = "object_name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `object_name` (String) Object name
  - CLI Alias: `object-name`
- `object_type` (String) Subscription object
  - CLI Alias: `object-type`
  - Choices: `wsdl`, `concept`, `saved-search`, `service-version`
- `server` (String) WSRR server
  - CLI Alias: `server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsrrserver:id`

### Optional

- `fetch_policy_attachments` (Boolean) Fetch policy attachments
  - CLI Alias: `fetch-policy-attachments`
  - Default value: `false`
- `method` (String) Synchronization method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `manual`, `poll`, `automatic`
  - Default value: `poll`
- `namespace` (String) Namespace
  - CLI Alias: `namespace`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `object_version` (String) Object version
  - CLI Alias: `version`
- `refresh_interval` (Number) Refresh interval
  - CLI Alias: `refresh-interval`
  - Range: `60`-`4294967`
  - Default value: `86400`
- `use_version` (Boolean) Use object version
  - CLI Alias: `use-version`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/wsrrsubscription.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wsrrsubscription Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WSRR subscription
  CLI Alias: wsrr-subscription
---

# datapower_wsrrsubscription (Resource)

WSRR subscription
  - CLI Alias: `wsrr-subscription`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wsrrsubscription" "test" {
  id          = "WSRRSubscription_name"
  app_domain  = "acc_test_domain"
  server      = "TestAccWSRRServer"
  object_type = "wsdl"
  object_name = "object_name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `object_name` (String) Object name
  - CLI Alias: `object-name`
- `object_type` (String) Subscription object
  - CLI Alias: `object-type`
  - Choices: `wsdl`, `concept`, `saved-search`, `service-version`
- `server` (String) WSRR server
  - CLI Alias: `server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsrrserver:id`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `fetch_policy_attachments` (Boolean) Fetch policy attachments
  - CLI Alias: `fetch-policy-attachments`
  - Default value: `false`
- `method` (String) Synchronization method
  - CLI Alias: `method`
  - Choices: `manual`, `poll`, `automatic`
  - Default value: `poll`
- `namespace` (String) Namespace
  - CLI Alias: `namespace`
- `object_version` (String) Object version
  - CLI Alias: `version`
- `refresh_interval` (Number) Refresh interval
  - CLI Alias: `refresh-interval`
  - Range: `60`-`4294967`
  - Default value: `86400`
- `use_version` (Boolean) Use object version
  - CLI Alias: `use-version`
  - Default value: `false`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
