---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wsrrserver Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configuration required to locate and access WSRR (WebSphere Service Registry and Repository).
  CLI Alias: wsrr-server
---

# datapower_wsrrserver (Resource)

Configuration required to locate and access WSRR (WebSphere Service Registry and Repository).
  - CLI Alias: `wsrr-server`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wsrrserver" "test" {
  id         = "ResTest_WSRRServer"
  app_domain = "acceptance_test"
  soap_url   = "https://host:9443/WSRRCoreSDO/services/WSRRCoreSDOPort"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias for authentication with the server. The password alias references the password. Leave blank when authentication is not required.
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `server_prefix` (String) WSRR instance prefix
  - CLI Alias: `server-prefix`
- `soap_url` (String) Specify the URL of SOAP API endpoint on the WSRR server. The port in the URL depends on whether the server has enabled global security. A typical default URL is similar to <tt>https://192.18.1.120:9443/WSRRCoreSDO/services/WSRRCoreSDOPort</tt> or <tt>http://192.18.1.120:9080/WSRRCoreSDO/services/WSRRCoreSDOPort</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `soap-url`
  - Default value: `https://host:9443/WSRRCoreSDO/services/WSRRCoreSDOPort`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_client_config_type` (String) TLS client type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client-type`
  - Choices: `client`
  - Default value: `client`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `username` (String) Specify the username for authentication with the server. Leave blank when authentication is not required.
  - CLI Alias: `username`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
