docs/resources/wsstylepolicy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wsstylepolicy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WS-Proxy Processing Policy
  CLI Alias: wsm-stylepolicy
---

# datapower_wsstylepolicy (Resource)

WS-Proxy Processing Policy
  - CLI Alias: `wsm-stylepolicy`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wsstylepolicy" "test" {
  id         = "0WSStylePolicy_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `def_stylesheet_for_soap` (String) Default Stylesheet for SOAP
  - CLI Alias: `filter`
  - Default value: `store:///filter-reject-all.xsl`
- `def_stylesheet_for_xsl` (String) Default Stylesheet for XSL Transforms
  - CLI Alias: `xsldefault`
  - Default value: `store:///identity.xsl`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `policy_maps` (Attributes List) Policy Maps
  - CLI Alias: `match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_maps))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--policy_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_maps`

Required:

- `match` (String) Match Rule
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Stylepolicy Rule
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsstylepolicyrule:id`

Optional:

- `subscription` (String) Subscription
- `wsdl_component_type` (String) WSDL Component Type
  - Choices: `all`, `subscription`, `wsdl`, `service`, `port`, `operation`, `fragmentid`
  - Default value: `all`
- `wsdl_component_value` (String) WSDL Component Value
- `wsdl_fragment_id` (String) Fragment Identifier

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/wsstylepolicy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wsstylepolicy Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WS-Proxy Processing Policy
  CLI Alias: wsm-stylepolicy
---

# datapower_wsstylepolicy (Resource)

WS-Proxy Processing Policy
  - CLI Alias: `wsm-stylepolicy`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wsstylepolicy" "test" {
  id         = "0WSStylePolicy_name"
  app_domain = "acc_test_domain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `def_stylesheet_for_soap` (String) Default Stylesheet for SOAP
  - CLI Alias: `filter`
  - Default value: `store:///filter-reject-all.xsl`
- `def_stylesheet_for_xsl` (String) Default Stylesheet for XSL Transforms
  - CLI Alias: `xsldefault`
  - Default value: `store:///identity.xsl`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `policy_maps` (Attributes List) Policy Maps
  - CLI Alias: `match` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_maps))
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--policy_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_maps`

Required:

- `match` (String) Match Rule
  - Reference to: `datapower_matching:id`
- `rule` (String) Stylepolicy Rule
  - Reference to: `datapower_wsstylepolicyrule:id`

Optional:

- `subscription` (String) Subscription
- `wsdl_component_type` (String) WSDL Component Type
  - Choices: `all`, `subscription`, `wsdl`, `service`, `port`, `operation`, `fragmentid`
  - Default value: `all`
- `wsdl_component_value` (String) WSDL Component Value
- `wsdl_fragment_id` (String) Fragment Identifier
