---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wxs_grid Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The configuration of an eXtreme Scale Grid defines the connection details to an eXtreme Scale grid in an eXtreme Scale collective. To define this configuration, you must define the eXtreme Scale collective, the grid name, and the user and password for the user account who connects to the eXtreme Scale. If you need to secure connections to eXtreme Scale, you must assign a TLS Proxy Profile.
  CLI Alias: wxs-grid
---

# datapower_wxs_grid (Resource)

The configuration of an eXtreme Scale Grid defines the connection details to an eXtreme Scale grid in an eXtreme Scale collective. To define this configuration, you must define the eXtreme Scale collective, the grid name, and the user and password for the user account who connects to the eXtreme Scale. If you need to secure connections to eXtreme Scale, you must assign a TLS Proxy Profile.
  - CLI Alias: `wxs-grid`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wxs_grid" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestWXSGrid"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  collective     = "AccTest_LoadBalancerGroup"
  grid           = "gridname"
  user_name      = "username"
  password_alias = "AccTest_PasswordAlias"
  timeout        = 1000
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `collective` (String) Specify the Load Balancer Group that contains members in the collective of eXtreme Scale. You must define at least one member in the collective.
  - CLI Alias: `collective`
  - Reference to: `datapower_load_balancer_group:id`
- `grid` (String) Specify the name of the eXtreme Scale grid. The value cannot contain whitespace or the following characters: <tt>^ . \ / , # $ @ : ; * ? &lt; > | = + &amp; % [ ] " '</tt> .
  - CLI Alias: `grid`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `password_alias` (String) Specify the password alias to use to look up the password of the eXtreme Scale user who connects to the eXtreme Scale collective.
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_password_alias:id`
- `user_name` (String) <p>Specify the user account of the eXtreme Scale user who connects to the eXtreme Scale collective. The value can be up to 64 characters in length and cannot be blank. You can use all alphanumeric characters and most special characters. You cannot use spaces or the following special characters: <tt># &lt;</tt> .</p><p>The user must have sufficient eXtreme Scale permissions to access the grid.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `username`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Indicates whether the data in the eXtreme Scale data grid is encrypted. If encrypted, the data is encrypted, when writing to, and decrypted, when reading from, the eXtreme Scale data grid.
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt`
  - Default value: `false`
- `encrypt_alg` (String) Specify the PKCS #7 algorithm for encryption and decryption. When writing data to the data grid, encrypts the data. When reading data from the eXtreme Scale data grid, decrypts the data.
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt-alg`
  - Choices: `tripledes-cbc`, `aes128-cbc`, `aes192-cbc`, `aes256-cbc`, `rc2-40-cbc`, `rc2-64-cbc`, `rc2-cbc`
  - Default value: `tripledes-cbc`
  - Required When: `encrypt`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `encrypt_sskey` (String) Specify the shared secret for PKCS #7 encryption and decryption. When writing data to the data grid, encrypts the data. When reading data from the eXtreme Scale data grid, decrypts the data.
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt-sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_crypto_sskey:id`
  - Required When: `encrypt`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `key_obfuscation` (Boolean) Indicate whether to apply a hash algorithm to obfuscate keys before reading data from or writing data to the eXtreme Scale data grid.
  - CLI Alias: `key-obfuscation`
  - Default value: `false`
- `key_obfuscation_alg` (String) Specify the hash algorithm to obfuscate keys before reading data from or writing data to the eXtreme Scale data grid.
  - CLI Alias: `key-obfuscation-alg`
  - Choices: `sha1`, `sha256`, `sha512`, `ripemd160`, `sha224`, `sha384`, `md5`
  - Default value: `sha256`
  - Required When: `key_obfuscation`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `ssl_client` (String) The TLS client profile to secure connections between the DataPower Gateway and its targets.
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_client_profile:id`
- `timeout` (Number) Specify the maximum time to wait to establish a connection to an eXtreme Scale. If unable to establish a connection, the operation fails. Enter a value in the range 10 - 86400000. The default value is 1000.
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Range: `10`-`86400000`
  - Default value: `1000`
- `user_summary` (String) Specify a brief, but descriptive, summary of the configuration.
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
