docs/resources/wxsgrid.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wxsgrid Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  eXtreme Scale Grid
  CLI Alias: wxs-grid
---

# datapower_wxsgrid (Resource)

eXtreme Scale Grid
  - CLI Alias: `wxs-grid`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wxsgrid" "test" {
  id             = "WXSGrid_name"
  app_domain     = "acc_test_domain"
  collective     = "TestAccLoadBalancerGroup"
  grid           = "gridname"
  user_name      = "username"
  password_alias = "TestAccPasswordAlias"
  timeout        = 1000
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `collective` (String) Collective
  - CLI Alias: `collective`
  - Reference to: `datapower_loadbalancergroup:id`
- `grid` (String) Grid Name
  - CLI Alias: `grid`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `password_alias` (String) Password Alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `user_name` (String) User
  - CLI Alias: `username`

### Optional

- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypted Data
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt`
  - Default value: `false`
- `encrypt_alg` (String) PKCS #7 algorithm for encryption and decryption
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt-alg`
  - Choices: `tripledes-cbc`, `aes128-cbc`, `aes192-cbc`, `aes256-cbc`, `rc2-40-cbc`, `rc2-64-cbc`, `rc2-cbc`
  - Default value: `tripledes-cbc`
- `encrypt_ss_key` (String) Shared Secret Key for Encryption and Decryption
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt-sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `key_obfuscation` (Boolean) Hash Key Obfuscation
  - CLI Alias: `key-obfuscation`
  - Default value: `false`
- `key_obfuscation_alg` (String) Hash Algorithm for Key Obfuscation
  - CLI Alias: `key-obfuscation-alg`
  - Choices: `sha1`, `sha256`, `sha512`, `ripemd160`, `sha224`, `sha384`, `md5`
  - Default value: `sha256`
- `object_actions` (Attributes List) List of actions to take on dependent objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_actions))
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Range: `10`-`86400000`
  - Default value: `1000`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--object_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the action target
- `target_id` (String) Id of the action target (for `domains`, this must still be set, but the value is ignored)
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of action target

Optional:

- `run_on_create` (Boolean) Run this action when creating this resource.
- `run_on_delete` (Boolean) Run this action when deleting this resource.
- `run_on_update` (Boolean) Run this action when updating this resource.

Commit message:

Refactored `object_actions` to `dependency_actions`

docs/resources/wxsgrid.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_wxsgrid Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  eXtreme Scale Grid
  CLI Alias: wxs-grid
---

# datapower_wxsgrid (Resource)

eXtreme Scale Grid
  - CLI Alias: `wxs-grid`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_wxsgrid" "test" {
  id             = "WXSGrid_name"
  app_domain     = "acc_test_domain"
  collective     = "TestAccLoadBalancerGroup"
  grid           = "gridname"
  user_name      = "username"
  password_alias = "TestAccPasswordAlias"
  timeout        = 1000
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `collective` (String) Collective
  - CLI Alias: `collective`
  - Reference to: `datapower_loadbalancergroup:id`
- `grid` (String) Grid Name
  - CLI Alias: `grid`
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `password_alias` (String) Password Alias
  - CLI Alias: `password-alias`
  - Reference to: `datapower_passwordalias:id`
- `user_name` (String) User
  - CLI Alias: `username`

### Optional

- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Encrypted Data
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt`
  - Default value: `false`
- `encrypt_alg` (String) PKCS #7 algorithm for encryption and decryption
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt-alg`
  - Choices: `tripledes-cbc`, `aes128-cbc`, `aes192-cbc`, `aes256-cbc`, `rc2-40-cbc`, `rc2-64-cbc`, `rc2-cbc`
  - Default value: `tripledes-cbc`
- `encrypt_ss_key` (String) Shared Secret Key for Encryption and Decryption
  - CLI Alias: `encrypt-sskey`
  - Reference to: `datapower_cryptosskey:id`
- `key_obfuscation` (Boolean) Hash Key Obfuscation
  - CLI Alias: `key-obfuscation`
  - Default value: `false`
- `key_obfuscation_alg` (String) Hash Algorithm for Key Obfuscation
  - CLI Alias: `key-obfuscation-alg`
  - Choices: `sha1`, `sha256`, `sha512`, `ripemd160`, `sha224`, `sha384`, `md5`
  - Default value: `sha256`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
  - CLI Alias: `timeout`
  - Range: `10`-`86400000`
  - Default value: `1000`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `resource_datapower_domain`)
