---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xacml_pdp Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The XACML policies can be evaluated on a DataPower device, This on-box XACML Policy Decision Point (PDP) allows customers to define the necessary information so that it can evaluate the corresponding XACML policies against a XACML request for an XACML Policy Enforcement Point (PEP). The DataPower PEP is implemented with AAA action.
  CLI Alias: xacml-pdp
---

# datapower_xacml_pdp (Resource)

The XACML policies can be evaluated on a DataPower device, This on-box XACML Policy Decision Point (PDP) allows customers to define the necessary information so that it can evaluate the corresponding XACML policies against a XACML request for an XACML Policy Enforcement Point (PEP). The DataPower PEP is implemented with AAA action.
  - CLI Alias: `xacml-pdp`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_xacml_pdp" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestXACMLPDP"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  general_policy = "http://test/uri"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.

### Optional

- `cache_ttl` (Number) This sets the explicit time to live (TTL) for cached XACML policies, either raw or compiled. The default value 0 means the cache never expire unless PDP explicitly refreshes the policies. The maximum TTL is 31 days (2,678,400 seconds).
  - CLI Alias: `cache-ttl`
  - Range: `0`-`2678400`
- `combining_alg` (String) Select the policy-combining algorithm when not using a top-level comprehensive XACML policy file. The default is First Applicable.
  - CLI Alias: `combining-alg`
  - Choices: `first-applicable`, `deny-overrides`, `permit-overrides`, `only-one-applicable`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `dependent_policy` (List of String) Some of the XACML Policies/Policy-Sets are indirectly needed when the PDP evaluates a request. They are called Dependent Policy Files. Specify their URLs with this setting.
  - CLI Alias: `dependent-policy`
- `directory` (List of String) List directories that contain dependent files. In these directories, all files with the xml or xacml extension are available to the XACML PDP. Use this option when there are too many policy files to identify independently.
  - CLI Alias: `directory`
- `equal_policies` (Boolean) In case of a top level policy-set is undefined, all policies are evaluated equally, PDP will use the PolicyCombiningAlg for the final decision.
  - CLI Alias: `equal-policies`
  - Default value: `false`
- `general_policy` (String) The URL of top level XACML policy/policy-set file, if there is one. This file may reside on the local device (typically as local:///file) or on a remote server. Attempts to retrieve this file from remote servers may be governed by the User Agent in use by the XML Manager of the service. This may be useful for TLS connections, for example.
  - CLI Alias: `general-policy`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
