docs/resources/xsl_coproc_service.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xsl_coproc_service Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xsl_coproc_service (Resource)

<p>The XSL Coprocessor is obsolete.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `xslcoproc`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_xsl_coproc_service" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestXSLCoprocService"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  local_port    = 8811
  xml_manager   = "default"
  debug_trigger = null
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_port` (Number) - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`

### Optional

- `cache_relative_url` (Boolean) - CLI Alias: `cache-relative-url`
  - Default value: `false`
- `connection_timeout` (Number) - CLI Alias: `connection-timeout`
  - Range: `3`-`7200`
  - Default value: `60`
- `crypto_extensions` (Boolean) - CLI Alias: `crypto-extensions`
  - Default value: `false`
- `debug_history` (Number) - CLI Alias: `debug-history`
  - Range: `10`-`250`
  - Default value: `25`
  - Required When: `debug_mode`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `debug_mode` (String) - CLI Alias: `debug-mode`
  - Choices: `on`, `off`, `unbounded`
  - Default value: `off`
- `debug_trigger` (Attributes List) - CLI Alias: `debug-trigger`
  - Not Valid When: `debug_mode`!=`true` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--debug_trigger))
- `default_param_namespace` (String) - CLI Alias: `default-param-namespace`
  - Default value: `http://www.datapower.com/param/config`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `intermediate_result_timeout` (Number) - CLI Alias: `intermediate-result-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `20`
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `priority` (String) - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `ssl_server` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`server`
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`sni`
- `style_policy_rule` (String) - CLI Alias: `stylesheet-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
- `url_rewrite_policy` (String) - CLI Alias: `urlrewrite-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_url_rewrite_policy:id`
- `use_client_uri_resolver` (Boolean) - CLI Alias: `use-client-resolver`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xml_manager:id`
  - Default value: `default`

<a id="nestedatt--debug_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `debug_trigger`

Optional:

- `client_ip` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against client IP addresses. Requests from clients with matching IP addresses will trigger the probe. To create a match for all IP addresses, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `in_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the inbound URLs. Requests from clients with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `out_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the outbound URLs. Responses from servers with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against names of processing rules. Rules with matching names will trigger the probe. To create a match for all names, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_type` (String) Select the rule direction or type that will trigger the probe.
  - Choices: `all`, `response`, `request`, `call`, `error`, `scheduled`, `lbhealth`
- `xpath` (String) Specify an XPath expression of use the XPath Tool to define an XPath expression to match against messages. Messages that contain the expression will trigger the probe.


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)

Commit message:

Added provider targets to permit resource/datasource management on multiple hosts

docs/resources/xsl_coproc_service.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xsl_coproc_service Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xsl_coproc_service (Resource)

<p>The XSL Coprocessor is obsolete.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `xslcoproc`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_xsl_coproc_service" "test" {
  id            = "ResTestXSLCoprocService"
  app_domain    = "acceptance_test"
  local_port    = 8811
  xml_manager   = "default"
  debug_trigger = null
  local_address = "0.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_port` (Number) - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`

### Optional

- `cache_relative_url` (Boolean) - CLI Alias: `cache-relative-url`
  - Default value: `false`
- `connection_timeout` (Number) - CLI Alias: `connection-timeout`
  - Range: `3`-`7200`
  - Default value: `60`
- `crypto_extensions` (Boolean) - CLI Alias: `crypto-extensions`
  - Default value: `false`
- `debug_history` (Number) - CLI Alias: `debug-history`
  - Range: `10`-`250`
  - Default value: `25`
  - Required When: `debug_mode`=`true`
  - Not Valid When: attribute is not conditionally required
- `debug_mode` (String) - CLI Alias: `debug-mode`
  - Choices: `on`, `off`, `unbounded`
  - Default value: `off`
- `debug_trigger` (Attributes List) - CLI Alias: `debug-trigger`
  - Not Valid When: `debug_mode`!=`true` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--debug_trigger))
- `default_param_namespace` (String) - CLI Alias: `default-param-namespace`
  - Default value: `http://www.datapower.com/param/config`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `intermediate_result_timeout` (Number) - CLI Alias: `intermediate-result-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`600`
  - Default value: `20`
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `priority` (String) - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `provider_target` (String) Target host for this resource. If not set, provider will use the top level settings.
- `ssl_server` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`server`
- `ssl_server_config_type` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_sni_server` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_ssl_sni_server_profile:id`
  - Not Valid When: `ssl_server_config_type`!=`sni`
- `style_policy_rule` (String) - CLI Alias: `stylesheet-rule`
  - Reference to: `datapower_style_policy_rule:id`
- `url_rewrite_policy` (String) - CLI Alias: `urlrewrite-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_url_rewrite_policy:id`
- `use_client_uri_resolver` (Boolean) - CLI Alias: `use-client-resolver`
  - Default value: `true`
- `user_summary` (String) - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xml_manager:id`
  - Default value: `default`

<a id="nestedatt--debug_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `debug_trigger`

Optional:

- `client_ip` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against client IP addresses. Requests from clients with matching IP addresses will trigger the probe. To create a match for all IP addresses, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `in_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the inbound URLs. Requests from clients with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `out_url_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against the outbound URLs. Responses from servers with matching URLs will trigger the probe. To create a match for all URLs, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_match` (String) Specify a PCRE to match against names of processing rules. Rules with matching names will trigger the probe. To create a match for all names, specify .* instead of * as the PCRE.
- `rule_type` (String) Select the rule direction or type that will trigger the probe.
  - Choices: `all`, `response`, `request`, `call`, `error`, `scheduled`, `lbhealth`
- `xpath` (String) Specify an XPath expression of use the XPath Tool to define an XPath expression to match against messages. Messages that contain the expression will trigger the probe.


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
