---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xslproxyservice Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# datapower_xslproxyservice (Resource)

<p>The XSL Proxy is obsolete.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `xslproxy`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_xslproxyservice" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestXSLProxyService"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  type           = "static-backend"
  xml_manager    = "default"
  local_port     = 8922
  remote_address = "10.10.10.10"
  remote_port    = 9999
  local_address  = "0.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `local_port` (Number) Specify the local port to monitor for incoming client requests.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
- `remote_address` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the specific server supported by this DataPower service. If using load balancers, specify the name of the Load Balancer Group. If using the On Demand Router, specify the keyword ODR-LBG. Load balancer groups and the On Demand Router can be used only when Type is static-backend.
  - CLI Alias: `remote-ip-address`
- `remote_port` (Number) Specify the port number to monitor. Used only when Type is static-backend.
  - CLI Alias: `remote-port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`

### Optional

- `acl` (String) This Access Control List will be used to allow or deny access to this service based on the IP address of the client. When attached to a service, an Access Control List (ACL) denies all access by default. To deny access to only selected addresses, first grant access to all addresses (allow 0.0.0.0) and then create deny entries for the desired hosts.
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accesscontrollist:id`
- `always_show_errors` (Boolean) If set, HTTP responses may be generated with errors appended to partially generated documents. If not set error responses will only be sent to the browser if no other output has been created.
  - CLI Alias: `always-show-errors`
  - Default value: `false`
- `count_monitors` (List of String) Count Monitors watch for defined messaging events and increment counters each time the event occurs. When a certain threshold is reached, the monitor can either post a notification to a log or block service for a configured amount of time. Select a Count Monitor from the list to activate that monitor for this firewall. Click the + button to create a new Count Monitor.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-count`
  - Reference to: `datapower_countmonitor:id`
- `credential_charset` (String) - CLI Alias: `credential-charset`
  - Choices: `protocol`, `ascii`, `utf8`, `big5`, `cp1250`, `cp1251`, `cp1252`, `cp1253`, `cp1254`, `cp1255`, `cp1256`, `cp1257`, `cp1258`, `euc_jp`, `euc_kr`, `gb18030`, `gb2312`, `iso2022_jp`, `iso2022_kr`, `iso8859_1`, `iso8859_2`, `iso8859_4`, `iso8859_5`, `iso8859_6`, `iso8859_7`, `iso8859_8`, `iso8859_9`, `iso8859_15`, `sjis`, `tis620`, `unicode_le`
  - Default value: `protocol`
- `debug_history` (Number) Set the number of records for transaction diagnostic mode in the probe. Enter a value in the range 10 - 250. The default value is 25.
  - CLI Alias: `debug-history`
  - Range: `10`-`250`
  - Default value: `25`
- `debug_mode` (String) <p>Select the diagnostic mode for processing policies. When enabled, you can view details about the state of variables and contexts for a captured transaction in the probe. The default value is <tt>off</tt> .</p><p>Transaction diagnostic mode is not intended for use in a production environment. Transaction diagnostic mode consumes significant resources that can slow down transaction processing.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `debug-mode`
  - Choices: `on`, `off`, `unbounded`
  - Default value: `off`
- `debug_trigger` (Attributes List) The probe captures transactions that meet one or more of the conditions defined by the triggers. These triggers examine the direction or type of the message flow and examine the message for an XPath expression match. When a message meets one of these conditions, the transaction is captured in diagnostics mode and becomes part of the list of transactions that can be viewed.
  - CLI Alias: `debug-trigger` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--debug_trigger))
- `default_param_namespace` (String) If a stylesheet parameter is defined without a namespace (or without explicitly specifying the null namespace), then this is the namespace into which the parameter will be assigned.
  - CLI Alias: `default-param-namespace`
  - Default value: `http://www.datapower.com/param/config`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `disallow_empty_response` (Boolean) If set, only responses with message bodies are allowed (that is, not 304 and so forth).
  - CLI Alias: `disallow-empty-reply`
  - Default value: `false`
- `disallow_get` (Boolean) If set, only methods with incoming data (such as POST) are allowed.
  - CLI Alias: `disallow-get`
  - Default value: `false`
- `do_chunked_upload` (Boolean) Use the radio buttons to enable (on) or disable (off) the ability to send Content-Type Chunked Encoded documents to the back end server. When the device employs the HTTP/1.1 protocol, the body of the document can be delimited by either Content-Length or chunked encodings. While all servers will understand how to interpret Content-Length, many applications will fail to understand Chunked encoding. For this reason, Content-Length is the standard method used. However doing so interferes with the ability of the device to fully stream. To stream full documents towards the back end server, this property should be turned on. However, the back end server must be RFC 2616 compatible, because this feature cannot be renegotiated at run time, unlike all other HTTP/1.1 features which can be negotiated down at runtime if necessary. This property can also be enabled by configuring a User Agent to enable it on a per-URL basis.
  - CLI Alias: `chunked-uploads`
  - Default value: `false`
- `do_host_rewrite` (Boolean) When enabled, the device will rewrite the Host: header to be the address of the back-end server. This is not what a strict proxy would do, and may not be appropriate for all topologies.
  - CLI Alias: `host-rewriting`
  - Default value: `true`
- `duration_monitors` (List of String) Duration Monitors watch for events meeting or exceeding a configured duration. When a duration is met or exceeded, the monitor can either post a notification to a log or block service for a configured amount of time. Select a Duration Monitor from the list to activate that monitor for this firewall. Click the + button to create a new Duration Monitor.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-duration`
  - Reference to: `datapower_durationmonitor:id`
- `force_policy_exec` (Boolean) <p>Some message patterns may include bodyless request and response messages. This is common with RESTful web services where messages may or may not include a body but still requires the processing policy to run. To enable this capability for services whose request and response type is XML (or marked as non-XML i.e. JSON), set this option to 'on'. By doing so, the processing policy rules will always be executed.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `force-policy-exec`
  - Default value: `false`
- `header_injection` (Attributes List) HTTP Header Injection
  - CLI Alias: `inject` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_injection))
- `header_suppression` (Attributes List) HTTP Headers can be suppressed (removed) from the message flow using this property. For example, the Via: header, which contains the name of the DataPower service handling the message, may be suppressed from messages sent by the DataPower device back to the client.
  - CLI Alias: `suppress` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--header_suppression))
- `http_client_ip_label` (String) Retain the default value (X-Client-IP) or provide an other value (for example, X-Forwarded-For).
  - CLI Alias: `client-address`
  - Default value: `X-Client-IP`
- `http_compression` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable the GZIP compression function.
  - CLI Alias: `compression`
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_include_response_type_encoding` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable including the character set encoding in the HTTP content-type header produced. For example, when sending a UTF-8 encoded XML document: If this property is disabled, 'content-type=text/xml' will be sent. If this property is enabled, 'content-type=text/xml; charset=UTF-8' will be sent.
  - CLI Alias: `include-response-type-encoding`
  - Default value: `false`
- `http_log_cor_id_label` (String) Enter the name of an HTTP Header to read to determine the global transaction ID for chained services. This value defaults to X-Global-Transaction-ID.
  - CLI Alias: `http-global-tranID-label`
  - Default value: `X-Global-Transaction-ID`
- `http_persist_timeout` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of seconds (within the range 0 through 7200, with a default of 180) that a firewall or proxy maintains an idle TCP connection.
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-timeout`
  - Range: `0`-`7200`
  - Default value: `180`
- `http_persistent_connections` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable HTTP persistent connections.
  - CLI Alias: `persistent-connections`
  - Default value: `true`
- `http_proxy_host` (String) Specify the host name or IP address of the HTTP proxy to use when the remote server can be accessed only through another HTTP proxy.
  - CLI Alias: `httpproxy-address`
- `http_proxy_port` (Number) Specify the port number on the HTTP proxy server.
  - CLI Alias: `httpproxy-port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `800`
- `http_timeout` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of seconds (within the range 1 through 86400, with a default of 120) that a firewall or proxy maintains an idle HTTP connection.
  - CLI Alias: `http-timeout`
  - Range: `1`-`86400`
  - Default value: `120`
- `http_version` (Attributes) HTTP Version
  - CLI Alias: `version` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_version))
- `local_address` (String) <p>Enter a host alias or the IP address that the service listens on. Host aliases can ease migration tasks among appliances.</p><ul><li>0 or 0.0.0.0 indicates all configured IPv4 addresses.</li><li>:: indicates all configured IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.</li></ul><p><b>Attention:</b> For management services, the value of 0.0.0.0 or :: is a security risk. Use an explicit IP address to isolate management traffic from application data traffic.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `ip-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `monitor_processing_policy` (String) Select the way that the system behaves when more than one monitor is attached to a service.
  - CLI Alias: `monitor-processing-policy`
  - Choices: `terminate-at-first-throttle`, `terminate-at-first-match`
  - Default value: `terminate-at-first-throttle`
- `priority` (String) Control the service scheduling priority. When system resources are in high demand, "high" priority services will be favored over lower priority services.
  - CLI Alias: `priority`
  - Choices: `unknown`, `high-min`, `high`, `high-max`, `normal-min`, `normal`, `normal-max`, `low-min`, `low`, `low-max`
  - Default value: `normal`
- `query_param_namespace` (String) The namespace in which to put all parameters that are specified in the URL query string.
  - CLI Alias: `query-param-namespace`
  - Default value: `http://www.datapower.com/param/query`
- `ssl_client` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_config_type` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_server` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslserverprofile:id`
- `sslsni_server` (String) - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslsniserverprofile:id`
- `style_policy` (String) - CLI Alias: `stylesheet-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_stylepolicy:id`
  - Default value: `default`
- `stylesheet_parameters` (Attributes List) Stylesheets used in Processing Policies can take stylesheet parameters. These parameters can be passed in by this object. More than one parameter can be defined.
  - CLI Alias: `parameter` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stylesheet_parameters))
- `suppress_http_warnings` (Boolean) Toggle to enable or disable the generation of Transformation Applied (Warning Code: 214) messages by the HTTP service.
  - CLI Alias: `silence-warning`
  - Default value: `false`
- `type` (String) - CLI Alias: `type`
  - Choices: `static-backend`, `loopback-proxy`, `strict-proxy`, `dynamic-backend`
  - Default value: `static-backend`
- `url_rewrite_policy` (String) - CLI Alias: `urlrewrite-policy`
  - Reference to: `datapower_urlrewritepolicy:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`
- `xml_manager` (String) - CLI Alias: `xml-manager`
  - Reference to: `datapower_xmlmanager:id`
  - Default value: `default`

<a id="nestedatt--debug_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `debug_trigger`

Optional:

- `client_ip` (String) Client-IP Match
- `in_url_match` (String) Inbound URL Match
- `out_url_match` (String) Outbound URL Match
- `rule_match` (String) Processing Rule Match
- `rule_type` (String) Processing Type
  - Choices: `all`, `response`, `request`, `call`, `error`, `scheduled`, `lbhealth`
- `x_path` (String) XPath Expression Match


<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)


<a id="nestedatt--header_injection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_injection`

Required:

- `header_tag_value` (String) Header Value

Optional:

- `direction` (String) Direction
  - Choices: `front`, `back`
- `header_tag` (String) Header Name


<a id="nestedatt--header_suppression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `header_suppression`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) Direction
  - Choices: `front`, `back`
- `header_tag` (String) Header Tag


<a id="nestedatt--http_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_version`

Optional:

- `back` (String) HTTP Version to Server
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`
- `front` (String) HTTP Version to Client
  - Choices: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`
  - Default value: `HTTP/1.1`


<a id="nestedatt--stylesheet_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stylesheet_parameters`

Required:

- `parameter_value` (String) Parameter Value

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String) Parameter Name
