---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datapower_xtcprotocolhandler Resource - terraform-provider-datapower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The configuration for the stateful TCP protocol handler. This protocol uses raw XML - where the close of the root node delineates the document - PI and comments outside of the root node are not allowed. The source protocol also specifies the destination address and any single TCP connection will use the same TCP session on the backside for all of its transactions (one transaction per document). Any gateway that employs one of these handlers must use a dynamic backend.
  CLI Alias: source-stateful-tcpAccepted Dependency Actions: quiesce
---

# datapower_xtcprotocolhandler (Resource)

The configuration for the stateful TCP protocol handler. This protocol uses raw XML - where the close of the root node delineates the document - PI and comments outside of the root node are not allowed. The source protocol also specifies the destination address and any single TCP connection will use the same TCP session on the backside for all of its transactions (one transaction per document). <p>Any gateway that employs one of these handlers must use a dynamic backend.</p>
  - CLI Alias: `source-stateful-tcp`
  - Accepted Dependency Actions: `quiesce`

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datapower_xtcprotocolhandler" "test" {
  id             = "ResTestXTCProtocolHandler"
  app_domain     = "acceptance_test"
  local_address  = "0.0.0.0"
  local_port     = 3000
  remote_address = "10.10.10.10"
  remote_port    = 12000
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_domain` (String) The name of the application domain the object belongs to
- `id` (String) Name of the object. Must be unique among object types in application domain.
- `remote_address` (String) Remote host
  - CLI Alias: `remote-address`

### Optional

- `acl` (String) Access control list
  - CLI Alias: `acl`
  - Reference to: `datapower_accesscontrollist:id`
- `close_on_fault` (Boolean) Specify whether to close the session on fault. When enabled, TCP connections between clients and servers are closed when the system generates a fault. Otherwise, the session is closed at only connection termination, timeout, or error.
  - CLI Alias: `close-on-fault`
  - Default value: `false`
- `dependency_actions` (Attributes List) Actions to take on other resources when operations are performed on this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependency_actions))
- `local_address` (String) Specify the local IP address that the service listens. The default value is 0.0.0.0, which indicates that the service is active on all addresses. You can use a local host alias to help ease migration.
  - CLI Alias: `local-address`
  - Default value: `0.0.0.0`
- `local_port` (Number) Specifies the port that this service monitors. Enter a value in the range 1 - 65535. The default value is 3000.
  - CLI Alias: `port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `3000`
- `remote_port` (Number) Remote port
  - CLI Alias: `remote-port`
  - Range: `1`-`65535`
  - Default value: `12000`
- `ssl_client` (String) TLS client profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-client`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslclientprofile:id`
- `ssl_config_type` (String) TLS type
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-config-type`
  - Choices: `server`, `sni`
  - Default value: `server`
- `ssl_server` (String) TLS server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslserverprofile:id`
- `sslsni_server` (String) TLS SNI server profile
  - CLI Alias: `ssl-sni-server`
  - Reference to: `datapower_sslsniserverprofile:id`
- `user_summary` (String) Comments
  - CLI Alias: `summary`

<a id="nestedatt--dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependency_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to take on target resource
- `target_domain` (String) Application domain of the target for the action
- `target_type` (String) Resource type of the target for the action

Optional:

- `on_create` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when creating this resource.
- `on_delete` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when deleting this resource.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Execute this action on the target when updating this resource.
- `target_id` (String) Id of the target for the action (required for all resources except `datapower_domain`)
